Okay. So it starts with this woman saying that she’s from Providence Rhode Island and that they basically grew up next to the Kennedys and saying how everything that they went through, the Kennedys went through and what the Kennedys went through, they went through. It’s like sharing trauma and past in life, whatever. But basically, I think their whole family was just obsessed with the Kennedys. 
So, one day they were driving and playing the 10-year anniversary of John F. Kennedy’s assassination and the woman, she said as a child she was like crying and so her sister started making fun of her for crying about it and her dad pulled over on like I-95 and turned around and he was crying too and saying like, “You don’t have to every sorry for crying for that man.” 
Then over the summer they go up to Cape Cod and they live on the same – I forgot what she called it. The same area on the beach where the Kennedys lived next door for their summer and they had this home on the beach and so her aunts - so it’s her parents and then her cousins and her aunts. She has two aunts. Her aunts would put sunscreen on the back of their necks, the back of their hands, and the tops of their feet and would go and set up their chairs on the beach. She said not to tan, not to lay down or whatever but to specifically watch the Kennedys. They would do this every single day, and she said it was pretty much the same conversations. Every day she recall out that Rose was out walking like mid-morning and then whoever else is all throughout the day and she said it always ended with a comment from her aunts saying how Jackie wasn’t around as much at the house. 
Oh, and before they got the beach house, which is giving back story. She said that her parents were married in the same church as John and Jackie and her parents even - or her dad even got replicas of the jewelry that John gave Jackie and all this stuff and basically, how similar they all are. 
Anyways, so back to the beach. The same conversations ends with like, “Oh, we don’t see Jackie around that much” and then one day they were so - she said that they were always so invested on watching the Kennedys with their binoculars. So that one day when all the cousins, or her and her two other cousins got into a half floating boat with no oars and really not safe and a very strong current pulled them up. The ocean current pull them out to the ferry that was going to the Nantucket Ferry and she said that they didn’t realize how far it had pulled them out until they could start seeing the passengers on the ferry and realized that their aunts were tiny little blobs on the beach shore. Obviously, they couldn’t get back by themselves so up comes this motorboat that two of the guy Kennedy’s are driving and saves them and they’re all like, “Oh my gosh! We’re going to be in so much trouble” and so she’s then describing how one of the aunts, when she gets mad, all she can do is yell out their addresses for each kid. Then the other one, all she does is - she’s like a nice angry. Like everything sounds like a death threat even though it’s like nice. So they’re fully expecting that when they get back. But they get back, obviously, with the Kennedys and they’re more mad that the Kennedys have to save them than the fact that they got themselves in that situation. So she said one of her aunts was like whenever she talks to the Kennedy, she has this facade of somewhere between Audrey Hepburn and the Queen of England talk with them. So they’re all smiling and trying to be nice, and thanking them for rescuing her or rescuing the cousins. So then once they leave they were mad at them. Not for like going out to sea but for having to have the Kennedys come and save them. One of the aunts made a comment like, “Haven’t they already been through enough? Now they have to save our family?” and then made a comment about how essentially they were the same family. 
Yes, so their punishment wasn’t to go in the ocean because they didn’t respect the water for the rest of the summer. So it was like a hundred degree days. So they were allowed to go in up until their knees or ankles or something and so they started playing monkey or chicken - chicken. They started playing chicken and they’re trying to get into the water and have more fun. So one of the uncles came out and played chicken with them, and so the girl who’s narrating the story, she was up on one shoulder and he had other kids on the other shoulder, and so she accidentally kicked her uncle too hard in the face and his eye popped out. What she didn’t say at first was that his eye was fake. But it popped out and it sunk into the ocean and into the sand. Everyone was kind of freaking out because no one knew that he had a fake eye. He was upset that he lost his very expensive eye and it was magnetic and it attract with his other eye. What was I saying? So everyone’s very upset and their cousins are looking at her like, “Oh my God! What the hell did you just do?” So she goes and tries to find this eye and she’s like praying and she ends up finding it but she screams because there’s an eye on her hand and so she drops it again. So, now that they know it’s possible to find the eye, they’re all searching in the water for like an hour trying to find this eye, and one of her other cousins ends up finding the eye, and her uncle just kind of takes the eye, washes it in the ocean and pops it back in just to see if it works and it’s working. 
Now, everyone’s kind of getting out of the ocean, she’s realizing that there’s people standing there watching them. She realizes it’s two of the Kennedys and said they’re watching this whole thing unfold and have been watching for like probably an hour and a half or something. Yes, now she’s very thankful that this eye, this top dollar eye was found and they didn’t have to buy a new one. Then made a comment at the end about how now the Kennedys were watching them and they were – that felt full circle. Anyways, yes. I’m done.