Okay. It started with this guy. I think his name was Jim. He is a writer for the newspaper at his school, but it begins, and he’s in the Bronx at Fordham University and he is going up to the person who runs the school. I forget the name, but he’s trying to interview him for something, but then this guy comes up and pies him in the face, and then Jim, the reporter guy, the guy who’s telling the story, he asked him, “Do you want to like comment on that?” and then the head of the school says, “Fuck you.”
So he takes that and he runs with it to his editor of the newspaper of his school and – I believe it’s called The Bull, and he says that this editor is like this really big guy and that he’ll eventually win the Pulitzer Prize. The editor hates this guy - the I want to say its superintendent but it’s not a superintendent – the dean of the school - the dean. Sorry. He hates the dean, and he’s like, “Run with it. Write it.” So Jim goes and runs with it and he starts writing it, gets a good first draft and then wants to make it better so he starts making stuff up. He says that he crossed the line because writers aren’t supposed to do - or reporters. 
Yes, so he runs with it and he puts in that the guy who came and pied to him was wearing a cape and all these stuff and shouted, “I am not a beast.” It’s like, “Ergo sum” - something “,” in Latin as he pied this dean in the face, and then runs away, and the cape was blowing in the wind and stuff. Now he calls him Pie Man, PM. So, after Jim wrote all this, he shows his editor and he says, “Oh, that’s going on the front page,” and what else? It’s on the front page. It gets a lot of traction, becomes very popular, and then a few days later, Jim gets a note from Pie Man saying, “Meet me on the  8:00 at the library,” on a Tuesday I think or that night. He does and he goes, and he hears a little backstory about the next person who’s going to get pied which is the class president, I don’t remember her name, but it’s the class president, and there have been rumors that she was sleeping with the dean and she was working on banning alcohol – open drinking on campus, and so everyone kind of hated her. 
So, Pie Man shows up at the time in front of the library, and Jim is there to witness at all and now he’s got like an actual cape and pies him, and Jim gets a picture of the Pie Man running away in the wind and all that stuff with his cape. He takes it, he runs with it and writes the story now and – oh, and Pie Man yells out the, “I’m not a beast,” or, “I’m not an animal,” in Latin as he’s running away after he pied the class president girl. Yes, so he writes the story. It gets published again and then he says he writes five more and they all gained a lot of traction.
Then one night, he goes out to this bar and he meets with her. He is just going to get a drink and he sees his girl who he had been flirting with for two months, but he says, “Oh, we’ve been flirting with each other,” and then goes, “Oh, actually it’s like really just me flirting with her,” and so he looks at her and then decides not to do anything and just goes to the bar. So then he feels a tap on the shoulder, and she has come up to him and says that her friends were talking and they’re trying to figure out, since he has written so many stories about this, and has so much information and tiny details and asked if he was Pie Man. So, he’s thinking it over in his head and he says that he knows the answer that would easily get him laid that night, but he also knows the truth that he’s not Pie Man, but he says, “Yes, I’m Pie Man,” to her and she says, “Great. Now buy me a beer,” and tells her all about it - or a drink. I think just a drink. Yes. I’m done.