A story about a man, maybe like a younger man named Joe Madison, at the beginning he's looking through the mail and he's speaking to his sister, Clara, and he's got some news. He's going to find out he's a pitcher, and as he's teasing his sister and swinging around his arm like he's pitching, their mother walks into the room, she's about to water the plants, he knocks the water pot out of her hands, gets her involved. He begins to speak about his team - Pitson? and how he might be drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals. His mother expresses a little concern about that term, like the wartime drafting, getting sent to the front. And he calls her mom momsy or something like that, [Laughter] and he kind of goes on how he's happy because he gets to make some more money. He kind of goes into the details of the draft system, the lesser teams need to acquiesce to any demands of the major teams, and he's really excited to go - possibly go – well, it’s not guaranteed - to the St. Louis team, because they're like major leagues, he can increase his fame and his money. And the subject comes up as he's leaving, of this other envelope, which is from their - it's kind of suggested to be like his girlfriend or someone he's interested in, named Mabel, and Mabel is coming to town with her brother. Both of them are coming by train, and the brother has some kind of business, but they'd also like to see them, and he's gonna say, “Oh, I'm gonna…” – Joe was like, “I’m gonna go meet them at the station,” and there’s like a little blizzard happening. It’s very snowy, icy, and he asked his sister if she wants to go and she's like, “No.” He goes to the station after getting teased a little bit by his sister, because he's like, “Oh, I'm excited to see Mabel's brother again,” and she’s like “Oh, you're not really excited to see him, you're excited to see her,” and he's like, “No, no, no,” [Unintelligible] gets a little frustrated or whatever, a little embarrassed, huff and puff kind of thing. And so, he goes down the station, and he's talking to the station master, saying, “Oh, they're not coming in today, there's been a delay,” and he's, “Oh, what's wrong? There wasn't a crash or anything, is there?” or was there. It’s going on and on. It's - they've been snowed in up at this pass, and then Joe was kind of left wondering, like what's going to happen, because they're not going to be able to - they're not going to arrive for at least a couple more days. I can't – I think he said five more days, like maybe less than that. They're not going to be here for several days, and he's kind of thinking about being drafted, being drafted by the team, and seeing Mabel, and - maybe not going with the team, I think that's what he said, because it's just a chance, like just because he's the best pitcher or whatever, doesn't mean he's going to go, and he's worried about his friend and his romantic interest, and it probably isn't long enough, but that's all I can recall from the story. So, 