This story seems as if it was an excerpt from some novel, but it starts with two characters, Joe and his sister, Clara, and they’re sitting in a room and Joe receives a letter. He’s reading the letter and he seemed shocked. So, Claire is like, “What’s wrong? What’s with the letter,” in a much more happier tone than that. He’s like, “Oh, I just got some news that could change my life.” He continues reading the letter. While he’s doing so, he observes that it’s snowing outside. There’s some flurries coming down. Then the more he reads, the more he understands. Claire is like, “What’s going on? I’m intrigued. I want to know what this letter says.” He’s a baseball player and basically, he got a letter in the mail from his team, the Phillies, and they tell him that he’s been drafted by another team, the St. Louis something. They’re in Missouri. They’re in a Major League team. He’s been drafted, and he’s like, “This news could change my life,” and he’s starting to get a little excited. Clara was like, “Oh, jeez. I wonder what this could mean for you. This is crazy.” He gets all excited. He throws a baseball, I guess, and his mom is coming in while he’s doing that. She’s holding a jar of water because there’s flowers outside the window that he was looking at. She was going to go water the flowers. Then he hits the jar with the ball and it falls to the ground, and the water goes everywhere. The jar cracks in a couple pieces. His mom, surprisingly, is not mad. She’s like, “Oh. Oh, no,” and he’s like, “My bad. I just got some crazy news about my baseball career. So, I’m throwing around a ball.” She was like, “Oh, what’s this news?” He relays the news to her and she’s all, “Isn’t that weird that you’re drafted and you can’t choose. It’s like war. So, you can’t stay with the Phillies if you want to. You have to join the St. Louis team.” He was like, “Yes, that’s basically like the gist of it.” He’s like, “Well, when I signed my contract with the Phillies, they basically told me either I could stay with this team, but if another team wanted me, they would have to get permission from the Phillies to take me. It’s like a handoff situation that you need permission from the team that you signed the contract with to be handed off.” So, he explains this and she’s like, “Well, I don’t love that you have a career in baseball, but it seems like you’re doing pretty well for yourself. So, as long as you’re doing well for yourself and you’re doing your best at it, then I can’t even be mad.” He’s like, “Oh, yes.”
Then he has another letter that he got, and Clara is all curious now about this letter that he got. She’s like, “I bet it’s from your woman friend,” and he is like, “Probably.” She makes a joke that like, “You wouldn’t forget the handwriting too.” Which makes you think this is like a yes time is probably like 100 years ago, something like that. Maybe sooner. So, he opens the letter and it’s his friend, his woman friend that he feels fondly for, Mabel Varley. She says that her and her brother are on this trip, and they might stop in town to visit. “Mabel’s like to visit us.” He’s like, “No. Just because her brother, Reggie, has some business in town, but they’re going to stop in for the day and try to come see us.” So, he gets all excited, and he’s like, “Oh, jeez. I got to meet her at the station.” He’s all inquisitive at the window about his future with his baseball career and with Mabel, and he’s all excited. So, he ends up going to the station to wait for them in the snow. It started snowing pretty heavily outside at this point. So, he goes to the station and he’s waiting, and he’s waiting for a while. Then the train station master, whatever, comes out and he’s like, “Your waiting is useless.” He is like, “Why?” He says, “The express train that you’re waiting for has been snowed in.” At first, our main characters all scared that like there’s been a crash or something. He’s like, “It might as well be a crash because they’re snowed in. There’s no way they can get out like five miles out from here.” He’s like, “Oh, jeez. I wonder what I can do to help my friends,” and that’s where it leads off. 