So, this person, when they were younger, I’m assuming, attended Fordham University, and at Fordham University, they were part of the school newspaper. At some point, they wanted to run a story about the dean and how the dean was attempting to change the demographics of Fordham University, and by that demographics, I mean the financial makeup, the financial makeup of the student body, that is they wanted to replace the working to middle class students of Fordham with probably wealthier students. And so, the narrator meets with the dean, and upon that meeting, the narrator accuses the dean of his story, of what his story is about, and the dean says, “Why you little…” - but at that moment, just at that moment, a figure comes out of nowhere, basically, and hits the dean in the face with a pie. The dean is covered with pie, the narrator is waiting for a few moment and says, “Care to comment on the latest attack?” The dean replies with a, “Yes, I care to comment. FU.” So, the narrator runs back to the editor, this big senior, and he tells him he had the story, and the senior says, “The dean? That guy is a dick,” and tells him to write it up. So, the narrator is writing the story, but the narrator also to, I guess, make it more appealing, embellishes it, or as he says - journalists called it “making shit up,” and they tell you not to cross that line. But by the running of the story, the narrator had created a character known as the Pie Man who wore a cape, who kicked his heels running off in the light after pieing the dean, and had a catchphrase, which was – well, in English, “I am not the animal,” but in Latin, some other term that I can’t actually remember. So, this story runs and the narrator, I guess – the narrator gets a letter and it’s from the Pie Man, he tells him where to go and where to meet, and the narrator goes there with a photographer, and he catches the Pie Man pieing a female student who works with – who’s working with the dean, in tandem with the dean. He runs this story, again, embellishing a little bit. However, less embellishment is needed because basically, the Pie Man takes this persona and runs with it, and so - this is another story. And later on, the narrator is going to a bar, or like part of – yes. So actually, the female student wanted to ban drinking on campus and – or worked with the dean to ban drinking on campus. So later, later on in the story, the narrator goes to a bar and he’s drinking – or no, he’s not drinking, goes to the bar or like some kind of school or something where other students are there, and he sees a girl that he has liked for a while or has been flirting with for a time, and she asks him – asked him, “Are you the Pie Man?” In order to gain her approval or to get her to sleep with him, he says, “Yes, I am the Pie Man.” She says, “Tell me all about it. Buy me beer and tell me all about it.” I’m done. 