Okay. The story starts with Joe and his sister Clara and they’re discussing future prospects for Joe. He receives a letter, and he says that there might be a different team in his future as he won’t be playing for the same team anymore most likely. He looks outside and it’s snowing. He starts thinking about what this could possibly mean for himself. He is rolling or twirling his pitching arm. As he’s doing that, his mother walks in with a pot or like a water jug and begins or attempts to water the flower box near the window. Before she can do so, Joe’s pitching hand that he is twirling, bumps into her elbow and the jug falls, the water splashes all over the carpet and it breaks. She turns on him and tells him, “What is he doing?” and “Why is he walking around like that?” He explains that he received a letter. During this time, he also sees that there’s another letter on the floor in a different handwriting from a girl. He picks it up and he shows that as the letter that he received. Clara makes fun of him saying that he - sorry, that he is showing the wrong letter, but she would like to read that one as well. He teases her a bit, but then he shows the correct letter from a Mr. Gregory, his baseball team manager for the team Pittston, I believe, saying that the manager and the manager of the St. Louis Cardinals were in discussion about possibly drafting him to pitch for St. Louis. 
His mother begins expressing that “What a terrible thing that drafting it sounds that he’s been drafted before and why can’t he choose where he would like to play for.” He explains that as St. Louis is a much bigger team and that based on the contract that he has with the Pittston’s that he agreed to sign to, his choices within baseball are limited based off of what The Pittston’s either tell him to do or what they are forced, not quite, but forced to do based on other major leagues or major teams. He says that he is said to pitch for the Pittston’s unless they choose to take him away or that he is given or offered a different position with another different team. His mother says that that she doesn’t quite like that idea or something along those lines, basically, saying that she refused the topic or the legitimacy of it. He says that it would be good for him since he would get more fame or more opportunities and more money by playing for the major league. He does ponder that. Perhaps, that isn’t quite likely, but that would be a good opportunity for his future.
He then says that he must go. He begins to walk away, but then, Clara says, “But what about the other letter?” He says he’ll open it. She expressed her curiosity. He says too, for the sake of her curiosity, he’ll read it or open it. It’s a letter from Mabel Varley, a female acquaintance of Joe’s, saying that her and her brother Reggie will be in town and that’s for a few days, I believe, and that they would like to see him. He says that they expressed - it basically states that they will be arriving that day. He puts both letters into his pocket and says that he’s going to go to the train station to see as to when they are supposed to arrive. As he’s walking to the train station, he’s thinking not only of his future, but the baseball team, the Pittston or his possible future with the St. Louis Cardinals, but with the crush and attraction that he has for Mabel Varley, he arrives and the station master says – oh, sorry - before he left, there was a discussion that the blizzard with the storm, the snowstorm outside is getting worse. He asked Clara if she wants to come with him. She says no because the storm is getting worse. They had mentioned really right before he leaves, but he gets to the station. The storm is pretty bad. The station master says that there’s no news as to that train right now and that he should come back in a few hours to see what is happening and whether the train will arrive. So, he comes back a few hours later to the station master around the time the train is supposed to arrive and the station master says, “Something maybe happened.” Joe gets disappointed. Well, not disappointed. He gets scared, nervous that there was a wreck and expresses this to the station master thinking of his friends that maybe hurt. The station master says, “It’s nothing like that, but the train is stalled five miles above in deep rock creek” or something like that and that it’s not like to get up for the next few days. Joe expresses concern and wonders what he can do to help them. I believe that is where the story ends. 