Okay. So, the story started out with the teacher talking about her third grade class. As part of the curriculum, they teach the Oregon Trail. That was the part that they were up to. So, she describes how she wants to make business and fun for her students and interactive, so she comes up with a sort of way to teach the Oregon Trail that’s like a game. I think she compared it to Dungeons & Dragons. So, she printed out all these name cards for the students to choose from that were the names of actual people who died during the Oregon Trail because she wanted to make this real for them, and she wanted her students to understand that gravity of westward expansion during that time. So, every student keeps their first name but it's like an occupation and their last name from someone who was actually on the Oregon Trail. So that’s what they're seeking to do. She says she has a smart aleck student whose name is Alex. So, he’s one of the students who was, I don’t know, skeptical about the game. So, she starts teaching them. I think that, first, she wants them to understand how long of a trip it was. I guess the school is in Manhattan, so she takes them on a two-mile walk. One of the students asked if they have water on the Oregon Trail, water fountains, and she was like, “No,” but then there was a water fountain there. So, she let the kid take a drink and I think she told them it’s a stream or something. Because, obviously, you don’t want to deprive your students of water. Anyway, so they go on a walk and then they come back. Yes, I think there is some situation where the kid hurt her leg or something. It was infected and then - okay, so they have a dice. To figure out what happens next in the story, they roll the dice. Whatever number they got is the outcome. So, they do that, and then the girl’s leg got infected or something. She's panicking because she didn't really write in - she didn’t know if she would make death from infected leg an actual thing for these kids to play through in the game. Because, I mean, that’s traumatic for a kid. I think they were eight years old. The kids seem to be having fun. So anyway, they roll the dice and her leg was infected, and then there’s another student who was assigned as a doctor. I think the last name they had was like Bacon or something like that. So, I think they rolled the dice again to figure if the girl survived. Then they did, so that was good. I think the teacher, obviously, shortened the amount of theoretical miles that they walked. I think it only took place over two days, the lesson. So then, I think they had a dance party to earth, wind, and fire, and that was, obviously, not historically accurate, but it was fun for the kids. I think years later, she reconnected with one of the kids, Katie. I think she saw her on the street, on Broadway, and the girl, the first thing the girl said was, “Do you remember when I died on Oregon Trail?” So, I guess it had a really big impact for the kids. That’s what I remember from the story. 