So, the story was about - it starts with a brother and a sister. The brother's name is Joe Matson. The sister’s name is Clara Matson. So, he got some letters in the mail. His sister is inquiring about what the letters were in regard to. Joe told her that his arm was going to be making them some good money. She said to explain it to her. But he didn't want to go into detail and explain it to her other than saying that his arm was going to make them money, more money. So, the conversation goes on a little bit longer. I can’t remember exactly what was said. But he does end up telling her basically that he's going to be - he's in line to get drafted from the Central Baseball League to the Major Baseball League. As he's about to demonstrate how his throwing arm is going to make them more money, he is in a pitching position and goes to release - act like he's going to release the ball as his mother walks into the room that they’re in, he knocks the pitcher of water off the mother's tray. She spills the water all over the place. I think it gets on to one of the letters. The mother requests, asked Joe to clean up the water and to grab the letters off the floor. Then also ask what the letters were about as well. One of the letters was in a female's handwriting. The sister was wondering what that was about. Joe said it was one of his secret admirer’s, many admirers that he has. So, after that it occurs, basically, they find out later that two of their friends are coming from out of town. The husband's there for business. They’re going to stay at a hotel. The weather is really bad with snow. So, the train is running late and/or cancelled. So, Joe goes down to the train station to find out more details on where the train would be if it’s going to be on time or late or coming at all. He cannot get a satisfactory answer from that. Later, he goes on to discuss how he's thinking about getting drafted to the St. Louis Cardinals and how much better that would be for him to get promoted to the St. Louis Cardinals. Other than that, I am having trouble remembering what else was said. I believe the sister was excited to see the husband coming to town. Also, Joe was excited to see the wife coming to town because in the story, he had bit of a romance with her as well. Let’s see. I believe it’s been well past two minutes. It’s actually going on four minutes right now. So, I don't know what else to say. That’s all I can remember. 