Okay. So, it was a social studies teacher trying to teach her kids about the Oregon Trail. She turned it into a game per se, the video game. She got the kids to basically print out their name with last names of people that were actually on the Oregon Trail. So, she devised it to where the game would be a mixture of the computer version of Oregon Trail and a little bit of Dungeons & Dragons where you would roll the dice to see what happens to you. She gives different scenarios. Say, for example, there was one scenario where the little girl's legs had gotten trapped underneath the wagon. The little girl was not sure if she died or not. She had to roll the dice find out if she was able to get freed. So, she did roll the dice and got free. Once she was free, she had to roll the dice again to find out that her legs were infected. There was another girl in that party, in the class that was a doctor. She stood up and said she was a doctor and that she would be able to help. So therefore, that's what happened to that part. The teacher also went on to describe different things like coming across animals. They had to roll the dice to see what kind of animal they were adopting. They did adopt a wolf. They called him Benny Yenny, I believe, or something like that. The animal was hurt, so that's why they had to adopt it and take the animal with them to the rest of their journey to get to Oregon City. The teacher ran into one of her students later, years later. The girl was in ninth grade, I believe, at this time, and not third grade from which the teacher was teaching. That student came up to her and said, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” So, they thought that was pretty funny. I hope this is recording. Pretty sure two minutes has passed now and yet the circle has not turned yellow. I'm trying to remember what else there was. A kid named Alex Bacon. He was one that kept chiming in and asking if he was dead or if something is going to die. He was looking for danger. Let’s see. [Pause] I honestly can't remember or I’ll try to remember some more. One of the students earlier in the story had asked them - saying that he was thirsty, and the teacher said, basically, there’s no drinking fountains on the Oregon Trail. Then she said she didn’t want to get a phone call from the parents saying that she withheld water from the student, so she said, “Oh, look. We've come across a stream,” which was the water fountain, so the student could go get a drink and she could avoid the phone call from the parents. Let’s see. She also did take the kids on a two-mile walk to help get an idea of the traveling that they had to do on the Oregon Trail. I believe she said they walked about two miles in Manhattan. She said that that was probably not for kids. It was a nice, beautiful day out, she said. Let’s see. It’s a lot to remember. Let’s see here. [Pause] I'm having trouble recalling any more of the story. Shoot. I think that's as much as I can honestly remember. I tried to remember as much as possible but it wasn’t a pretty lengthy story. Probably about 15 minutes. So, I'm not a 100% sure. I'm really digging deep here trying to remember what else I can remember from the story. I believe the teacher said it was a 2000-mile-long journey from where they had left to get to Oregon City. I remember toward the end she said they were getting toward the Rocky Mountains. The teacher was kind of - she picked the options on as far as when you roll the dice, what would happen to a certain role. I remember her telling one of the students that if she rolled a six, that that student would have died. I believe that was the same student that got her legs trapped under the wagon and her legs got infected. Fortunately, the girl did not roll a six, she rolled a three. I do remember that. [Pause] Let’s see. [Pause] Other than that, I think I can't… I think I'm done.