So, the story is about a journalist or a reporter who physically makes up this whole fake identity of Pie Man. So, he starts off by telling the story of how he was student at Fordham and one night, he wanted to interview the dean of Fordham. So, he went up to him at this dinner party and he asked him about the recent up in tuition at Fordham. The dean shut him down and told him to go away in a very rude manner but just at that moment, a man with a pie came next to the narrator and he smashed the pie into the dean's face. Then, the narrator says he waited a while and then said, “So, how you feel about this incident?” So, what do you feel about what just happened basically and then the dean said to F off and then the narrator went back to the newspaper with the scoop. He told his superiors about it and then he was told to write about it. So, he wrote a newspaper article about it and he sort of making up things a little bit. He made up the man's name. He called him Pie Man, and he also said that he had a cape and was just like an Avenger. Then after he pied the dean and he went away with the Latin catchphrase that meant, “I'm not an animal,” which doesn’t make any sense but then that article made the front page of the Ram, the newspaper of Fordham.
So later, he got a message from a man saying to meet him at – I don't remember. Maybe it was the library or something to meet him at a certain place at a certain time and see what would happen and he like signed it, Pie Man. So, the narrator went to that time and place. There was this girl there, who was coming out of a building and she was the president of the student body. I don't remember her name but there were rumors that she had slept with the dean of students and she had also helped the dean at Fordham make a ban on alcohol in campus and something about beer at barbecues being banned. The narrator or the speaker didn't like that and so he makes a joke about it, then he doesn't explicitly say what happens but basically, Pie Man pies the girl, and then he leaves with the catchphrase with his cape. So, that's how Pie Man was created and then the next day, obviously, the narrator releases this news report on the front page of the Ram newspaper.
 Then one night, this keeps going on for a couple times, Pie Man and the narrator kind of playing a game of pieing people. The narrator makes into a story and then one night, he goes to a bar and there's this girl that he has a crush on named Angela. He sees her there and he's like shy. He's been kind of flirting with her but she doesn't know of his existence so it’s like that kind of relationship. He plans to do nothing and he goes to sit at the bar and then she tapped on his shoulder. She says, “Oh, are you Pie Man?” He thinks about it like, “Basically, I created Pie Man, so aren't I Pie Man?” The truth of the matter is that he’s not Pie Man and he acknowledges that and he answers her. He said, “Yes, I am.” Because he knows that if he says yes, then she'll sleep with him and then it ends by her saying, “Well, then, buy me a beer.”  