A female third grade social studies teacher was recounting a story in front of a large audience. Maybe she’s a comedian now. I’m not sure. She was recounting a story about how her third-grade class, the unit, the Oregon Trail was coming up and she’d like to do really fun interactive experiences with her students for the different learning lessons. She was trying to come up with how she was going to make the Oregon Trail interesting, this long trek that people had to make, this long, dangerous trek. She first decided to take them on a really long walk to get the kids a sense of how far these people had to walk, so she took them on a 40-block walk. Yes, the kids were kind of tired, and then she came up with the idea of doing an Oregon Trail game meets Dungeons & Dragons game where the kids had to get in character. They were all different characters on this convoy on the Oregon Trail and then there were different things happening to them each day based on what they rolled. There was kind of a smart kid named Alex Bacon in her class who was kind of prodding her on and making her make it even more realistic. She wanted to kind of show him a thing or two. She’s playing this game with the kids and then one day, one of the characters has to get strapped under one of the wagon wheels, and that’s a little girl in the class. She gets trapped and she survives but her leg is infected. All the kids are very interested in it at this point, all the third graders. They want to know what’s going to happen and she says the kids are very interested if the character’s going to die or not. She says that kid - that they might die. She says the infection’s getting worse. At this point, the teacher’s kind of running out of ideas and she’s kind of backed into a corner somewhat. Thankfully, another kid in the back whose character is a doctor says, “I’m a doctor. I’ll save her.” The teacher says, “Okay. As long as I don’t roll a six, then she’s going to survive.” Luckily, she doesn’t roll a six. The kids go crazy; they’re all happy. They’re happy that the kid who got trapped under the wagon wheel’s going to make it. The teacher, a few years later, six years later, runs into the girl walking around New York City. They hug and they recognize each other and the little girl says, “Remember that time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Everybody starts laughing. I’m done. 