Okay. So, the lady, she sounds like she was doing a stand up and telling a story about how she was a teacher for third-grade students. She was teaching them about the Oregon Trail. She figured out how to teach it to them by doing an imaginary trail, like an imaginary Oregon Trail. They decided to ride in a wagon, and they had to choose jobs for each of the kids, and they chose random jobs like you’re not supposed to, I guess. So, for example, one said that she wanted to be a pop star. That’s not particularly something they would be doing on the Oregon Trail, so it was kind of funny. So, they were to go on a walk, pretending they were on a wagon, like a two-mile walk or something. She kept imagining, telling them – the teacher kept telling them that there were going to be an imaginary danger and so, they got really excited because of that. So, they got really interested all of a sudden. So, I think they started coming across a river and then, some snake oil salesman. They imagine they took it and tried to see if they would run faster or something. Obviously, they didn’t but there were a lot of possibilities she said, [Pause] the way that they did stuff because of the possibilities because she had a role, she had a dice, a pair of dice or something and they use a number system for all the kids. One imagines that, I guess, they rolled the dice and one of the kids had a leg infection or something and [Pause] the kid – one of the other kids was a doctor. They rolled the dice to see if they would be able to treat it the kid with a leg infection to see if they would survive or not, and they rolled like a number six – or no, they didn’t roll. If they would’ve rolled a number six, then the kid would’ve died from it or something but they rolled a three or something. They thought that was cool. The whole danger aspect that the teacher made for the trail but then she toned it down. She used the dice and a number to see what they would adopt like an animal. They rolled the dice and they picked a bunny or something. Then, I guess, it was finished but then later on, years afterwards, she saw one of the kids, and I guess, they laughed about it and they reminisced. Yes. So,  