Okay. So, in this story, the narrator is a journalism student at Fordham, and he frequently wrote for his school's newspaper. As he was being a narrator - I'm sorry. As he was being a journalist, he paid attention to how the dean was trying to replace the dominant working-class students with more rich kids, and he disapproved of that decision. A part of that decision was also going to raise tuition which would have made it impossible for the majority of the working-class students who are already out for them to continue to pay their tuition. 
So, he went up to the dean and kind of was asking him to make a statement about his choice. Then once he did that, the dean ended up calling him a punk. A man overheard and threw a pie in the dean’s face and got cream all over him. The dean was then like, “Fuck you,” apparently. Sorry, I don't know if I’m allowed to cuss, anyway. 
Then after that, the narrator thought that this was a hilarious story so he told the other people who are working on the newspaper about it and they published an article on it. When he published the article, he included a lot of fabricated aspects of the story. Like for example, he made it seem like the Pie Man was dressed up in a superhero outfit and that he had a Latin catchphrase that made him really unique and just made him seem really superhero-like rather than just a normal guy putting a pie in somebody’s face.
After that, he received a letter from Pie Man. Well, it was signed from Pie Man and basically told him to meet him at the stairs, some specific stairs. When they got to the stairs, the Pie Man’s next target was this girl named Sheila, and she was like one of the rich kids who was the dean does - the type of person that the dean wanted in his school, I guess. The narrator didn't approve that because she also was student body president and she supported this non-drinking in public rule which, I guess, was taken unfavorably from her fellow students. So then after that, she also got pied by Pie Man and they documented it in the newspaper again. Oh, also, the narrator alludes to the idea of the dean actually being a pedophile and having affair with students, specifically girls who are like Sheila, so that was weird but anyway. So, after that happened, he continued to put out more articles about Pie Man and the whole concept became really popular in campus. Oh, yes, I think he said that he put out five more stories about Pie Man and they all were put up by him specifically.
 Then, it cuts to another story about how he was at a bar one time and there was this girl that I saw at the bar, and she was sitting with a bunch of people. He mentioned how he was flirting with her for two months and how he really wanted a chance with her. So, she came up to him and she talked on his shoulder and asked him like, “How do you always know where Pie Man is?” Then, she continued to ask him if he was Pie Man and then in his mind, he thought that saying yes would like get her to have sex with him. Then in the narration, he debated this idea but eventually, he said yes. Then at the end of the story, she let him buy her a drink so I'm assuming that things went well for him afterwards, and yes, I'm done.