The story starts off with Joe and his family receiving the mail, and after several minutes, Joe goes outside to collect the mail, and he sees he has a letter from his baseball club, baseball team that he plays for. He has a very surprised look on his face, and his sister Clara asked, “What is it, Joe?” He responds and she continues to ask, “Is there something wrong?” He said, “No, not exactly,” so she says, “What is it? Is it about baseball? Is your team cutting you?” He says, “It is about baseball, but it's not exactly.” As the conversation goes back and forth, Joe does like an air pitch of sorts and pretends to pitch as his mother is bringing in a jug of water to water some plants. As Joe winds up to pitch, Joe's mother walks in and he hits the pitcher out, and the water spills, but Joe still throws the pitch and he looks back and after he does the pitch, he discovers that the jug is broken too. Joe's mom says, “At least it wasn't a good jug because then it would've been bad.” As the story continues, they realized that the - so Joe's mom asked Joe what was going on, and so he says - and then she exclaims how wet the floor is and how wet the carpet is, and so Joe mops up the mops up the rug and then says that there's a very high chance that he's going to be drafted to the St. Louis baseball team. His sister is very excited because she is also an avid baseball fan. His mom is worried because when it says draft, she thinks of military. He goes on to explain that in a way, it is like the military and that he signed a contract that signed his rights to baseball away, and it said that the club that he plays for can decide what to do, how to trade him. The club is working on a deal with the St. Louis team. At this time, Clara, Joe's sister, realizes that Joe also got a second letter in the mail. She asks - and then - sorry, and then Joe says he's going to do some research on the St. Louis baseball team, figure out who the team was, to see how well he has to pitch, and in hopes of getting traded to a better team, a playoff team. At the time, Clara asked Joe what's in the letter. It says here “Open later,” but  open it now. He says in a fake surprise that, “Oh, it's from Mabel,” and saying that she and her brother are coming to town and that they want to see them, and Joe's sister says, “Oh, you definitely knew it was Mabel,” because they were friends. Clara then asks, “Are they coming?” Joe says they're coming today, that day in the middle of a snowstorm. Clara asks, “Where are they? Where are they landing?” Joe responds, “They're staying in a hotel.” The mail comes in the morning, so at that point it's still morning, and their train was coming in the afternoon, and so what happened is that Joe goes on to the train station to find out when the train is coming, and the guy who works there says he doesn't know. He should come back later in the afternoon. He goes back and walks back in the snow. Goes back later and it's still snowing, and he says that the train has been snowed in, and that it's solid and that the train has no way of getting there. Joe wonders what he can do to help his friends. 