So, it's recording. Yes. Okay. So, the story starts with the main guy. I didn't catch his name, but he goes to the Fordham University, and he's also part of this newspaper club called The Ram. One day, he's just walking on campus and then he sees the dean, I think, coming out of the building or something. So, he asks the dean, he's like, “Hey, why is there an increase in tuition?” Then, before the dean can answer, all of a sudden, this other guy shows up with a cream pie in his hand, and he smashes the cream pie into the dean's face and just runs off. Then, the guy that’s telling the story asks the dean to comment on what just happened, and the dean was so upset that he just said, “Fuck you,” and that was really it. Then, the guy who's telling the story he goes back to his club, The Ram, and he tells the main editor, who he says he'll eventually win a Pulitzer Prize, I believe. He tells him what just happened, and the main editor is like, “Yes, write it, because the dean’s a dick.” So, the guy who's telling the story, he obviously writes it, and then he's like, “Well, I'm going to make this story better,” ends up writing multiple stories about the guy who he now calls Pie Man. Then, a few days later, he gets a letter from someone, telling him to meet him somewhere on campus. I think it's to meet Pie Man. But when he gets there, he ends up finding Sheila. She is the student body president. There are rumors saying that Sheila and the dean are basically hooking up. Sheila, because she's the student body president or whatever, she wants to ban public drinking on campus or something. Then, after he sees Sheila there, he sees the dean come out and then - yes. Then, at one point, the guy who’s telling the story, he is at a bar, and when he's at the bar, he goes up to the bar itself to get a round of shots. Then, this girl taps his shoulder, her name is Angela. He obviously - the guy who's telling the story, you can tell he likes Angela. He flirts with Angela but he says that Angela doesn't flirt back with him. Angela basically just taps his shoulder and is like, “Hey, why do you know so much about this Pie Man guy? Then, she's like, “Is it because you're Pie Man?” Obviously, he's not Pie Man but he goes, “Yes, I'm Pie Man,” because he thinks that if he tells her that, then she’ll want to have sex with him. And - yes.