Okay. So, the girl who's telling the story, her name is Michaela. She grew up in Providence, Rhode Island. She grew up - she says that she has a close relation to the Kennedys, even though she’s actually not related to them. She said that she was Irish like them, she’s Catholic like them. Her family is also kind of obsessed with them. Then, one time, they were going on a drive from - it was Thanksgiving and I guess her and her family were driving home, and there's this news or there's something playing on the radio that was about the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the president at the time. All of a sudden, Michaela just starts crying out of nowhere, and her sister is like, “Oh my god, you're crying.” So, she tells their dad who’s driving and it’s like - she's like, “Dad, Michaela's crying.” So, the dad has to pull over, and then the dad just looks at Michaela and he's like, “Michaela, don't ever be sorry for, or ashamed for crying for that man, for JFK.” Then, she starts to talk about how during the summer, her aunts would always rent this beach house. She had three or four aunts that went. It was a beach house that was shared – it shared a wall or a beachfront with the Kennedy family. So, every summer, the aunts would just get their chairs and they would align it perfectly to face the Kennedys’ beach house so that they can stalk the family. They would have their binoculars and they would just sit there all day, they would be like, “Oh, I don't see Rosie. Where’s Rosie?” It’s like they know a lot about the family and they would just make comments like that, expressing like, “Oh, where is this family member? What is this doing? Oh yeah, this family is doing this and that.” So, Michaela said that because the aunts were so focused on spying, they weren’t really paying attention to her and her cousins, I think. So, her and her cousins would go into the water and they can basically go pretty far into the water without her aunts noticing. One time, they got swept away by the water, and of all a sudden, this boat comes up, I think - they called it a powerboat, and two of the Kennedy family members, David, and I don’t remember the other guy’s name, but two of the Kennedy family members, they were actually on the boat and they saved Michaela and her cousins. So, as they went back to shore, the aunts realize those are the Kennedy - that those are members from the Kennedy family, and they were just so in shock and so surprised, and they apologized to the Kennedy brothers or whoever they were, members of the Kennedy family, because they were like, “You guys are causing their family so much more stress when they're already pretty stressed out.” Then, all of a sudden - yes, that was really it. Then, they got punished. This is when Michaela mentioned that she's from – she grew up on Asylum Road, because she said that her aunt just likes to blurt out - when she's in shock, her aunt just likes to blurt out addresses of random places, and that's when she mentions that she grew up on Asylum Road. So, the kids were punished. But after a few days or so, Michaela’s aunts let the kids go back into the water. So the day they decided to go back into the water but it was only up to their knees. So, when they went back into the water, they decided to do chicken fight, but there’s only three people. So, the uncle had to come in - this was her cousin's dad. When the uncle came, Michaela was on her uncle's shoulders, and then the other two, obviously. Michaela said that she kicked the side of her uncle's head so hard that his fake eye popped out and it sunk into the water. She was just so in shock because she didn't know that her uncle had a fake eye. So, she tried looking for the eyeball, she finally found it but she got so scared from it that she ended up dropping it again. So, they were looking for it for about another hour or so. Then finally, her cousin found the eye, and this time he didn't drop it, so the uncle basically took the eye, he dusted it off and then he just put it back into his eye and made sure it was like working with his actual eye and - yes. And then it was fine.