So, Kayla starts off by introducing herself, saying that she's from Rhode Island, and that her entire world growing up, they felt like nothing was within - their whole world was within the 20-mile radius of their home. So, she says that her parents are Irish and Catholic. So, obviously, the Kennedys were their - they felt like they were family with them because they were also Irish and Catholic. So, it's a funny joke. Then she's like, “No, seriously.” They felt close to them. So, she goes on to describe how her family would take vacations. Her and her aunts and her cousins would take vacations to the beach. Their dream vacation was the beach that was facing right next to the Kennedy Compound, so where the Kennedys lived. So, she's telling about how they would go on these vacations and when their aunts get there, they’d put down the chairs. They don't put them facing the water. They don't put them facing the sun to get a tan, but they put them facing the Kennedys so they can sit there and basically spy on them. So, she said that her aunts had binoculars and they would sit there and have the same routine conversations every year, asking what age the grandmother was. Then one of them does the math, saying, “Oh, well, she was 74 when JFK died. She lost her husband when she was 81, so she must be 85.” So, they have the same conversations, “Oh, look who's that. We don't know who that is,” and then they draw a family tree in the sand and see if they can figure out who it is. Eventually, they figure it out. Then they take a little lunch break, she says. So, she's describing how focused her aunts were on spying on the Kennedys while they're there on the beach. While they were spying, they weren't paying attention to her and her cousins and her siblings. Obviously, they're kids so they're messing around in the water and they drift into the ocean. They get on a little raft boat, like a half floating raft. Not sinking, but inflated boat, and they start drifting into the water and the aunts don't notice because they're paying attention to the Kennedys before it's too late. They were going toward the ferry and they don't realize how far they are until they can start recognizing the people on the ferry and seeing their faces. So, they're freaking out. Their aunts look like two little dots in the distance so they know they're really far from land. Then, all of a sudden, a powerboat comes towards them and saves them. They said it was Michael and David Kennedy. So, it's two of the Kennedy kids. They start making their way back towards the land. They're obviously like, they're like, “Oh my gosh, our aunts are going to kill us.” So, they know that they all do a thing in their family where they yell in a certain way. One aunt would yell really nice things when she’s mad. I don’t remember what the other aunt yelled but they would just yell. So, they knew, the kids knew what was in for them and they were already freaking out, but the Kennedys don't know what’s in for them. So, when they arrived on the beach, obviously, they're thanking Michael and David for saving them, the kids, and they're smiling and trying to be polite and look good in front of the Kennedys, but they're staring at the kids like we’re going to – “Yes, it’s over for you when this is over.” So, the two boys walk away and they're like, “Well, wish your grandmother good luck with everything. Wish you the best,” and then they walk away. So, the aunt says, “Oh, the vacation's over. You're in so much trouble. You're done for.” So, they said, “You’re not allowed in the water unless it’s…” Then the vacation goes on. So, they're not allowed in the water, but then they start begging and they're emptying out sunscreen, Coppertone, and hot in the sun until the aunts are like, “Fine. You can go in the water but only to your knees up.” So, they start doing chicken fights, because that's the only way to get fully immersed in the water is that they fall off and then they lose. There's only three of them so, obviously, the chicken fights are not full-on chicken fights. So, they start doing that, and then their uncle who never comes to like play with them or anything joined in and he starts playing. Michaela accidentally kicks him in the head, to which his eyeball, which was a fake eyeball that they didn't know about, pops out of his eye and sinks into the water. So, everyone's freaking out. The aunts are freaking out. They knew about it but it's expensive and so they're really annoyed. The kids are freaking out because they didn’t even know that they had an eyeball and she feels like her cousins are looking at her because they're mad about her kicking their dad. She’s feeling terrible. She wished that she drowned the day before and the Kennedys never saved her. The aunts are super mad at her. So, she walks along into the ocean and she’s sifting through the sand and she finds the eyeball. She gets so scared, she drops it in again, but then now everyone knows it's possible to find the eyeball. So, they all go walking around looking for it. After an hour, her cousin finds it and he's like, “Oh my gosh, yes, I found it.” The uncle puts it back in his eye and the vacation carries on and they all sit down. She wasn't fully integrated in the family yet so she starts walking along the beach. She realizes that the two Kennedy brothers, the Kennedy kids had taken a walk along the beach and had just seen everything that had gone on. She could tell by the look on their faces. So basically, the irony of it all was that they came there to watch the Kennedys but the Kennedys were watching them.