So, there was a student who begin his journalism at Fordham University, and he wrote for The Ram which is their student newspaper. One day, he was walking out of the building, and he saw the Dean walking out in front of him. The Dean was known for wanting to raise Fordham’s tuition to where it was going to be unaffordable unless you were really rich predominantly white students. So, as a journalist, he ran off to him and said, “Dean, what do you have to say about wanting to raise the tuition, et cetera?” Before the Dean could answer, he felt a figure over his shoulder approaching and it was a kid throwing a pie into the Dean's face. The journalist let a few seconds go by before he asked the Dean, “Do you want to comment on the latest attack on you?” The Dean said, “Yes, I do” and he said, “Fuck you.” The journalist ran back to the newsroom and went up to future Pulitzer or Pulitzer Prize winner, a senior in the news, the president of the newspaper and explained the story to him and he said, “Oh, the Dean, that guy's a dick. So, yes, run the story.” So, he runs the story, and he says that he embellished it and basically made stuff up. He's making stuff up and he says that the guy with the pie ran up to him, said a Latin quote, and had a cape on, which none of that was true, but he said that. Then he said that he ran away, and he called him Pie Man with a capital P and a capital M. He showed it to the editor, the president or whatever, of the newspaper and then he was like, “Yes, run it. I love it.” So, he runs it.  First, the editor, the president says it can be on the first page. So, he runs it, and everyone loves it, and Pie Man sends him a letter and he's basically saying, “If you want to see me in action, come to the library at 3:00 PM tomorrow.” The journalist brings the camera, the photographer from the newspaper, and they both go and stake out at the library at 3:00 PM. A girl was walking out, and this girl is known for being a rich, well-off student, who was the student body president, but she worked with the Dean and rumor has it that she was hooking up with him or had hooked up with him. She worked with the Dean to ban alcohol from being present on campus, from drinking on campus property. Basically, it was against what the students wanted so he ran to her, the Pie Man did, and pied her in the face. He was wearing a cape. The photographer took a picture, and it ended up in the newspaper the next day again, with the same journalist writing the story and embellishing and adding the Latin words. This continued to go on for five more stories or total of five stories that the journalist wrote about the Pie Man. There was a girl in his class who he had been flirting with, who he likes, and he didn't know if she knew he existed. But one night, he is at a bar buying himself a round of drinks, and she comes up to him and says, “You know, we're all wondering how you always know when Pie man is going to attack?” Because he always was in the know when the next thing would happen because obviously, he’s getting letters from Pie Man that no one knows about. So, she’s like, “How do you always know when he's going to attack? Are you Pie Man?” and she asked the journalist, “Is it you?” and he's thinking, “Well, the tone of voice that she’s saying it in, she probably is going to want me and want to hook up with me if I say yes.” So, he goes ahead and says, “Yes” to the girl, I think Sherry, that he liked from his class, that he'd been flirting with for two weeks and he said, “Yes” and she said, “Well, you buy me a beer and tell me about it, how you’re Pie Man.” That’s all the story that I think I remember.  Let me think.  