Okay. So, the story begins with a narrator working for the Fordham school paper and there's an article that comes out about the ranking of some sort and he goes up to the dean of his school and he says, “Is this true? What's happening?” Then I think what happens is that the dean turns him away or refuses to comment on it and expand what it was. A pie guy, a guy with a pie just throws it in his face. So, what the narrator does next is he asks the dean about the pie attack and he gives him an insult and he is back to square one. So, the narrator then goes to the editor-in-chief of the paper, who was a senior and the senior is telling him, “Okay, that sounds like a great paper, like write it up.” So, what he does, he write it up and then he calls it something relating to the Pie Man on how the Pie Man strikes and he says a phrase in Latin, kind of praising him in the sort. So, that paper comes out and then he then received the letter and it's supposed to say, “Oh, if you want to know who the Pie Man is, meet me by some sort of steps of the building.” So, he goes there, he tries to meet the Pie Man and he sees the student. I think it was Angela. He meets a student who is very praised by her teachers, who’s very school spirit-esque and she says – oh, and he mentioned the rumor that she might be sleeping with the dean.  So, then, I think what he says is that the Pie Man goes by again, or there's a man shouting the Latin phrase that he had put in his newspaper. So then, he writes about it again. Afterwards, he brings that the fact that he goes to this bar and he sees this girl who he had been flirting with for two months and then she goes up to him and she says, “Oh, are you Pie Man?” After thinking, he was like, “Should I lie about it? Should I not lie about it?” If I do lie about it, she will definitely sleep with me but if I don't, then that's not telling the truth.” So, what he does, well, he thinks - his inner reflection is he's like okay but didn’t I tell you to create Pie Man? So, what he does is that he says, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” He tells her, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” She responded, “Oh wow, tell me all about it. You're going to buy me a drink.” So, I'm pretty sure it ends there. So,  I'm not sure if I should wait for at least four minutes. So, I – okay, sorry.