So, Joe Manson was reading a letter. His sister Clara was also reading a letter. She asked him what his letter was about, and he told her it was something that may make him more money or that he would maybe have to leave the team. Clara was worried and said that surely the baseball team would not let him go as he was the best pitcher and she thought her brother very handsome also. He stated not exactly losing his position but maybe going somewhere else, and he looked outside and noticed it was snowing very heavily. Then he was talking about he could possibly be drafted by St. Louis and he acted like he was winding up for a pitch. As soon as his mother had come in the room, she was holding a jug of water to water the flower pots outside - I think it was outside, I don’t know if it said that. When he was winding up, he accidentally knocked the pitcher out of her hand and the water spilled everywhere and the pitcher broke. She and Clara both screamed in shock and surprise. Then his mother was worried about it going all over the carpet, so then she asked how Joe’s hand was if he hurt his hand, and he said he did not. His hand was fine. Then he went and got a mop and sopped up all the water from the carpet. Then he and Clara were speaking about him going up to the major league and her saying that his team now would surely miss him since he was the best pitcher on the team. He very humbly said that he doesn’t know about that and he was very lucky on some of the games that he won. Then his mother said “Getting drafted sounds like going to war when they used to draft people for the war.” She wasn’t quite sure how that worked and asked if he did not have a choice in the matter. He explained that the team he was on now, to play for that team, he had to he had to agree to not go to any other team without their permission and also that if he were to go to another team, then he would go to that team. So that’s just kind of how it was. He wasn’t worried about it though because if it was going up to the major leagues and he’ll take the money and work hard at it. 
So, then Clara was wondering about the other letter. It was from Mabel Barley. She wrote that she and her brother Reggie were going to be there today and they were taking the train because Reggie had some type of business in town. So Joe thought he should go meet them at the train station even though he thought that the train may be late because of the snow. When he got there, they told him that they were not sure how delayed the trains were but they were all running late and to come back later on that afternoon and perhaps they might have more information for him. So when he did, they told him there was bad news and he was worried that there was a wreck and he said “Well, it’s almost just as bad.” They were snowed in and it might be for a few days and he had wondered what he was able to do for them. I’m done.