Okay. So, the story is about this girl. Well, mostly basically this family who, I guess, feel some sort of connection with the Kennedys because they're from Rhode Island and they’re Irish, I think, and Catholic. So, they feel really connected to the Kennedys and she explains it starts off with them driving and she cried in the car because there is some anniversary thing of John F. Kennedy, JFK's death on the radio and her father basically told her that it was okay to cry and because the sister made fun of her. Then, her and her family or rather her sister and her aunts have this thing where they share each vacation spots with the Kennedys. What their aunts do is that they basically watch the Kennedys and just gossip – well, not gossip and just observe and point out things.
So, one of these times, her and her sister went into the water when their aunts weren’t paying attention and they went into the - I don't think they were sewing there and something in the water. They went too far and they begin to see this very - that they knew that they went too far and then they were saved by David and Michael Kennedy, who brought them back and the aunts were acting like they were upset with them but they were actually upset like they were saying things nice things but in a very frightening way in a way that her and her sister knew that they're upset. 
So after that was over, they got punished and they couldn't go in the water but then eventually, they let them back in the water and they played that chicken game with their uncle who had a fake eye. They didn't know that he had to a fake eye, and the narrator, I forgot her name. I think she kicked him in the head which made the eye pop out. She has very guilty, and everyone was yelling at her as she’s trying to find it and she found it but it scared her, so then she dropped it again. Then, her cousin found it, and everything was back to normal, or for a while, it was. Oh yes, the whole time, the two Kennedys, David and Michael were watching. The uncle popped the eye back in and they just witnessed the whole thing. She got oddly depressed when she couldn't find the eye. As she was saying, “I wish I knew it was not safe for something.” She’s very guilty. I can't remember anything. I think that's it. I think I said everything. Did I say they’re from Rhode Island? I think I did. Okay, I'm done.