Okay. So, there was a journalist working for the newspaper at his university, Fordham. I think initially, he was doing a story on the dean who I guess was trying to replace the poor students with more wealthy students. I guess before, he could get any statement from the dean, a guy threw a pie on his face or something like that. He then wrote the story about that experience and then it went viral. Before, it had to be approved by his superior, I guess, which won a prize, and after that, it went viral and all that. Then, the second time that he encountered the guy with the pie, it was when meeting with the class president which there had been rumors that she'd been having an affair with the dean and she worked with him to ban outdoor drinking and then yes, the Pie Man pied her. He got a photo because he came with the photographer and he got a photo of the Pie Man walking away. 
Then, everyone began to idolize Pie Man and dressing him up for Halloween and then, the story ends with the journalist at the bar, who is basically looking or trying to get his crush's attention, Angela. Trying to get Angela's attention to which she finally came over and asked him if he was Pie Man and he lied about it and said that he was Pie Man because he thought that if he did, that she’d sleep with him. Then, she said cool and buy me a drink, which yes, I don't think it's four minutes, but I can't remember anything else. 
Okay, I'll keep talking. Let’s see. Okay, his superior at the newspaper won the Pulitzer Prize, and that was the prize that he won in the future after graduating, I guess, and the dean was really aggressive for no reason. I think that was just exaggerated that he was aggressive telling him F you and stuff. The whole controversy at the beginning was because I think the dean wanted to raise tuition, which is what I meant by replacing the poor with the rich students. Everyone - when he was talking to his crush Angela, he made note of how he did always know where Pie Man would show up. He started out in the Bronx when he was at - he came from the Bronx. He started - I couldn't remember but he started somewhere. He came from the Bronx, I think. Yes, I'm done.