They said Joe is reading a letter that he has received. His sister Clara asks him what the contents of that letter are. Joe plays it nonchalantly, acting like it’s kind of nothing. Clara ends out kind of prying it out of him that it’s from a big-time baseball team. They would really like Joe to come play pitcher for the St. Louis Nationals. After that, Joe is like kind of miming or pretending that he’s pitching for this major league team and he ends up breaking a vase and the water gets all over the carpet. His mother and his sister are worried that all of this extra water coming out of this vase under the carpet is going to ruin the carpet. Joe cleans it up with a mop, ends out sucking up most of it if not all of it. He ends up talking in a talk with his mother about maybe going to play for this major league team, the Nationals.

He already plays with it sounds like a minor league team and his mother is worried about his future and if he could actually turn baseball into a career. It’s clearly stated that she, definitely, didn’t think he could turn baseball into his career. But Joe got this offer from the Nationals in St. Louis and it sounds like he kind of wants to follow through with it. Joe, then, gets a letter from his friend, Mabel, who’s a gal that he seems to have a romantic interest. Even though, it seems like she maybe has a boyfriend, she is coming into town via train and Joe decides that after getting this letter from Mabel saying she will be in town, and also after getting this letter from the Nationals that he’s going to show both of those letters into his pocket and he’s going to go to the train station to see Mabel pretty much as soon as she gets there. I believe her boyfriend’s name was Tom. I might be wrong, but I think that’s what it was. He’s going to go meet them at the train station. He goes there and it turns out that the train is delayed. I believe the train ran into bad weather about five miles out of town. The person at the ticket booth tells him that they may not actually get there for, at least, a few hours, if not a few days. Joe is very interested in seeing his friend, Mabel.  