The story begins with a girl describing the parasocial relationship her and her family have with the Kennedys. She states that she is from Providence, and that her and her family believe that they have a relationship with the Kennedys and they are super involved in their life and their tragedies and everything that happens to the Kennedys. She says that whatever happens to them also happens to the Kennedys and whatever happens to the Kennedys happens to them, and they’re sort of bonded in a way.
She says that there’s one situation where she was in the car with her family and it’s the 10th anniversary of the death of JFK and there’s a special on the radio about it. She’s listening in the car when she starts crying. Her brother notices that she’s crying and point out that she’s crying to their dad. Her dad turns around from driving after pulling off on the highway and says that it is never acceptable to shame someone for crying about this because it’s very serious or it’s like an acceptable tragedy. It’s like the tragedy happened to them in some way.
Then, she explains that her family, extended family like her aunts and her uncles, go to the beach every year in the summer and that they go to the beach and her aunts will get ready, put sunscreen on, and go outside with their beach chairs and perfectly align themselves so that they are looking at the place where the Kennedys live instead of tanning or looking at the ocean. She says that they will then comment and observe them with binoculars to see what they’re doing and who they’re interacting with and who’s there. They also, while doing that, will try to calculate the age of people that aren’t of the Kennedys that they’re seeing by using other context such as when they were widowed or when something happened, how old they were when something happened until they get an answer and then don’t have like their lunch break.
She explains that one time all this was happening and her aunts were just observing the Kennedys, her and her two cousins ended up getting lost at sea because they had entered into a small plastic barely inflated boat while they were playing on the beach and the sea pulled them out and took them away from shore. At which point, she says that she can see her aunts freaking out at the shore while she’s being slowly dragged away and they’re becoming smaller and smaller until they’re just dots on the shore that are like jumping up and down, and that they get saved by two Kennedy boys who are in a powerboat. At which point, the cousins and her are thankful that they’re being saved and seem to only noticed that they’re being saved by the powerboat, and then they take them back to shore.
As they’re being taken back to shore, she recalls that one of her aunts is going to be very angry and sort of shot at them with their addresses and another one of her aunt’s going to say nice things but in a very threatening way and she’s not excited to be punished until she gets to shore and all of her aunts seems to be happy and they seem to be putting on some sort of cover so that while the two Kennedy boys are there it seems like everything’s fine, everything’s normal and they express their gratitude before they go away.
At which point, the cousins and her are reprimanded and told that they can’t go in the water until they bother, one of her aunts to let them but says they can only go into their knees at which point they start to play chicken fight despite there only being three of them and it’s really difficult until her uncle comes in first to play with them. While they’re playing she accidentally kicks her uncle on the side of the head and her uncle’s eye pops out and falls into the water and sinks to the bottom of the shore. At which point, she and her cousins are mortified and shocked and don’t really know what to do.
The uncle’s wife, one of her aunts is freaking out and explaining that that was a lot of money and things aren’t good. At which point, she sort of starts to disassociate from the family because she feels really bad for the thing that she’s done. After that, she starts to sift through the sand where she was playing and finds the eyeball before she screams and drops back into the sand. At which point, she knows that it is possible to find it until everyone starts to look for the eye. It takes an hour before her cousin finds it. Once her cousin finds it, they give it back to her uncle and her uncle puts it in his eye, and by putting it in, they test it out and see if it is working the way it was supposed to because it was a fancy eye that sort of moved with the other eye. She says once he puts it in his eye socket, she starts to realize how fake it actually looks and that she can’t believe that she didn’t know it was a fake eye to begin with, but once the eye is back in her uncle’s eye socket, everything goes back to normal. While she’s still not completely associated back into the family because she seems to still feel bad. She notices that two of the Kennedys, one of his name is Michael and I think Will, have observed the whole of even, and she can tell by the way that they are looking in her direction or in the direction of the family.