Okay. This family – well, no. This girl is from, I think, Providence, Rhode Island and they were very close to the Kennedys. I think they were less than 10, 10 or 20 miles from the Kennedys. They always compare themselves to the Kennedys, like they were long distance cousins and they were all Catholics and everything. So, anything that was happening to the Kennedys were happening to them, like any tragedies or anything good. And then - let’s see, I think it was around Thanksgiving time and they had a fight at grandma’s house, I think. It was grandma’s house. And then there was John F. Kennedy something assassination, and - oh, yes. Okay. So they were in the car and she started crying about it, and her sister was laughing at her for crying about it but the dad turned around and he was almost tearing up, I think, and he said, “Don’t you ever be ashamed to cry over that man.” Yes. Then, I think the parents live somewhere else, New Jersey, New Port? I think it was New Port. I think that was it though, yes. Anyway. There was this – oh, okay. Oh yes, okay. He gave the exact jewelry that Jack gave to Jackie, those names, yes. So, he replicated it or something, he gave the exact same thing. It was pretty cool. Anyway. So, they would have this thing every year, that her four aunts and two – two something, two cousins or two uncles, they would take her to their dream vacation, and that was usually the beach. And then I remember her saying that the aunts – the aunts would apply lotion to the back of their necks and I think the back of their hands, and they would always set up the chairs not facing the ocean, not for tanning specifically. Specifically, they would set up the chairs to spy on the Kennedys, yes. And then, the four aunts that were in those chairs, they would – I think, every year, they would talk about the exact same thing. They would have a conversation about the exact same thing. I think they were talking about – this girl’s name, Rose, they were talking about Rose and her – oh, was it her birthday? I think it was her birthday. They were talking about Rose and her birthday and everything. Oh, and then they would see somebody. Okay. So, they would see somebody about – they would see somebody and they would not know who it was. So, they would build this family tree in the sand to find out who it is, and then they – oh, they climbed or – wait, hold on. They went into a boat. I think they climbed into a boat and then they get struck with water, and then right when they’re coming back to their senses, they see this big boat coming towards them, and it’s two of the Kennedys. I want to say one is David. Two of the Kennedys, and then the boat saves them, and then I think Gir – I think her name is Gir. Gird, maybe, Gird? One of the aunts or someone named Gird in the family, they’re trying to keep their cool but they don’t have – they don’t have the ability to not say something, but they’re trying their best. So, for the rest of the day, their punishment was to stay on the beach but out of the water, and it was like – I think she said it was 100 degrees. So, they convinced her to go into the  – that they could go in at knee level, and then they found out that the knee level was boring. So then, they started playing chicken, and then that’s when one of the uncles comes in and starts to play chicken fight with them. Something happens and his eyeball pops out,  which is hilarious. And then the eyeball is gone, and I think people are blaming her, and she keeps looking for the eyeball and she finds it and she screams and then she drops it, and then everyone is looking for it and then someone finds it, and then he just pops it in like it’s nothing and the vacation continues. Yes. And then she said something like, “Oh, I don’t even know if I’m in this right now, in this family right now.” Something like that. I don’t know. Anyway, I’m done. Thank you.