I honestly don't know if this is starting, but I guess I'm going to start. So, basically I'm going to assume that the person speaking was a teacher. She was teaching third graders for the last unit. She was teaching the Oregon Trail, and in order to teach the third graders Oregon Trail and keep them engaged and have fun, she decided to turn it into a game, incorporating roles similar to Dungeons & Dragons. So, they all decided to have their own names and characters and roles. One example was Alexander Bacon, I think. A lot of them had roles such as doctors or - other kinds of roles, but - so she decided that to help them experience Oregon Trail in real life, they decided to walk 40 blocks in the city, and during the walk, a lot of things happened. There were a few moments of humor, where the teacher was like “Maybe we should deprive them of water sources,” but obviously that's not possible. But in the Oregon - while they were experiencing that, there were moments where one of the students would be like, “Are we going to die today?” And the teacher would be like - or the narrator would be like, “Yes, it was a hard one.” I can't really recall too specifically, but – what else happened? There was a girl named Katie, and I believe she was the doctor, and she helped when other students were talking about health issues or things that happened. There was something they mentioned about snake oils, I believe, and it was - there were moments in the actual Oregon Trail where the people that were walking encountered several health issues, including sicknesses and diseases, and so they had to incorporate that in real life. There was a doctor and they had stuff to do with animals, I believe. I don't remember too much in regards to the animals, but I do know that the kids had a lot of fun because it was more of a game rather than an actual just lecture or lesson about the Oregon Trail. They were definitely more engaged, and they definitely had a lot more fun and - yes, I think the narrator or the teacher seemed pretty satisfied with how engaged her students were and their reactions to it. I’m trying to remember more about it. I'm going to take some time to think more about moments that I remember but – yes. Honestly, I can't remember more specific moments. I was pretty clear with remembering what was said before mentioning specific moments of the actual teaching and the hiking. I was definitely remembering more about the introduction, leading up to how she came about trying to have the kids experience what it’s actually like. There was something that’s mentioned about baby animals, and I think there was a student that was interested in them and had stuff to say about the actual – yes, I'm not too sure. Yes, I can't really remember much more, so I'm going to say that 