Joe Varley was standing and leaning, looking pensively out a window as he writes a letter he just got in the post. His sister Clara was also reading some mail that she got in and she noticed Joe’s pensive look and said to him, “Joe, what's the matter? Are there problems with father's business?” He said, “Well, there may be problems with father's business, but this letter is more about what's going on with me. I'm afraid I’m going to lose my position with the Pittsburgh Pittstons that I played with last year when we won the pennant.” “Oh, Joe, that's awful.” said Clara. “Why would you lose your position?” He just smiled enigmatically and said, “Well, because things are changing. The truth is the managers talking about letting me go.” “Oh, Joe, I'm so sorry to hear that.” Clara said, and he said, “Well, it's not all bad news. Actually, the manager of the St. Louis Cardinals is negotiating for me. It’d be my chance to break into the Major Leagues. While I hate leaving the Pittstons, I would love to go to the Major Leagues.” He got very excited and he wound up as if he was going to throw a baseball just as his mother walks in the room with a picture water to water the plants. He swings his arm back and he hit his mother's pitcher and it fell and broke all over the floor. “Joe, why are you doing spring training so early?” He said, “Oh, mumsy, I'm not doing spring training at all. I just got excited about this letter. The general manager of the St. Louis Cardinals is negotiating for my release from the Pittsburgh Pittstons so that I can play National League baseball, and it's very exciting to think that that might happen.” “Oh, Joe, I'm so happy for you.” His mother said. He went on to explain why he doesn't have much say in this. In order to play with the Pittsburgh Pittstons, he had to agree that his baseball career would be determined by the general manager of the Pittstons, kind of sign away his rights to making decisions on his own, but baseball is very well organized as Joe explained, and said that this is the way that that people advance in the sport. They do well and he had done well last year. He helped the team, the Pittsburgh Pittstons win the pennant. When they do well, larger, more nationally known teams look at who they might want to draft. The general manager of the St. Louis Cardinals is talking about wanting to draft him and is negotiating with his manager for his release. So, he's very excited about that because it'll further his career a whole lot and it's a very intricate thing this whole thing but he said the only way he could get on with any team was that they had to sign away his rights like that and allow for the teams to negotiate. His sister happened to notice another letter in his hand with very feminine handwriting and she said, “Joe, who's that other letter from? “Oh, probably just one of my fans.”  He said, “I’ll go to my room and I'll read these letters again.” She said, “Oh, Joe, you don't want us to know what's in that letter?” He said, “Okay, I'll open it now.” He opened the letter, he said, “Oh, it's from Margaret Varley and her brother Reggie. She and her brother Reggie are going to be here in town to visit and they're hoping to come by and see us. It's not a firm commitment but they're expected to be here today. I'm going to go on down to the depot and see if the trains on time with all the snow.” Just got off in the snow and he went to the depot and the stationmaster said, “We really can't give you any information about that train. It's not due until later this afternoon, and we don't have any information so far.” At the point where Joe - where the train was expected, the stationmaster told Joe, “No sense waiting any longer, Joe. That train has been stalled about five miles outside of here by the snow. It won't be in today at all, and it may be several days before it comes in.” Joe is trying to think of some ways that he could help his friends but nothing came to him, and so he went back home. I'm done.