Okay. For this story, it started out with Joe and his sister Clara where the mail just arrived and they had gotten some letters. So, I think they looked out the window and saw some snow at this point. Joe opened the letter and tells his sister, Clara, that he's about to be taken off of his baseball team. His sister seems confused and is wondering why he's going to be taken off the team, but he hasn't really answered yet. He says he's going to make more money, and that confuses his sister more. He starts swinging his arm up like a pitcher and swinging his arm around and around. When that happens, his mom comes out carrying jug of flowers. When she comes out, Joe doesn’t see her and hits the jug of flowers, and knocks them out. The mom says she thankful she didn't bring a fancier jug, I think, and then askes Joe if hand is okay for knocking the flowers out. So, he tells her that he was practicing his pitch, and then he goes on to explain to both his sister and his mom then that the letter he got was actually a letter drafting him to a bigger professional baseball team in St. Louis. So, he's saying because he's being drafted to this team in St. Louis, he's no longer going to be on his team, the Pittstons. Then he explained to his mom and they asked, his mom and sister asked, if he's required if he's drafted. He explains that there are some agreements between smaller teams and bigger teams that if he is drafted, he'll go or something along those lines. He says he's going to start looking up St. Louis’ pitching records and stuff like that, and batting records to see how well he needs to do for this new team. He also says that - I think his name was Greg. I guess he's the owner or the guy in this old team is going to miss him because he was the best pitcher on the Pittstons. Then Clara starts telling him to open the other letter because she notices the handwriting, and it's more feminine or girly or something. So, Joe opens the other letter and it's a letter from his friend, Maybelle. I think it's Maybelle, and Robbie or Roger. I think they're brother and sister, but they let them know they're going to be in town today. I guess they're going to be arriving on the train today, and so I think Clara states that she has never met them before, and then Joe starts getting concerned about the weather because they looked outside in the snow is still coming down. So, Joe decides he is going to go to the depot station to check on the weather to see how the weather is supposed to behave in the next – and to get status on the train to see if Maybelle and Roger are going to - what time they're going to get there. So, he gets to the station and when he talks them, he finds out – the guy at the station says, "Oh, no. Your friends won't be here at all." Joe is worried. He starts thinking about a potential train wreck or something else bad that could have happened or some sort of injuries could have happened to his friends, and then the guy says, "Oh no, the train is just stalled." So, it's just stalled I guess with the weather. So, that’s it. I guess his friends are fine and his friends just won't make it in today, and Joes wishes there was something he could do to help. That's all I can recall. 