So, this story is about a man named Joe Masten and he plays for a minor baseball team, minor baseball league, I guess. He’s getting the mail and his sister Clara is asking what’s in the mail. Joe says that he has an opportunity to leave the baseball team that he’s currently playing on to play with a more advanced league. So, he’s very surprised and he’s very excited. In his excitement, he warms up his pitching arm, because he’s a pitcher, just as his mother is walking into water some flowers with a glass jug in her hand and he hits the jug and it spills and it crashes on the floor into many pieces. Both of the women scream and he makes a joke stating out at first.
Then, he tells his mother, well, first of all as he cleans up the mess and as he’s cleaning up the broken jug, he picks up an additional piece of mail that fell to the floor and it’s something in a girlish handwriting. Then he cleans up the mess and Clara asks what the letter is and he doesn’t pay attention to her. He says he’ll read it later, but the baseball letter says that his manager, his minor league manager wants – St. Louis Nationals is interested in recruiting him. Though he says it’s not settled but this Pistons team manager Mister Gregory thinks that he’ll be drafted. 
Joe goes on to say that it’s a better opportunity for him because it’ll be more money and it’s a major league team. He says that he has to – the central team, the Pistons have to allow any major league team to supersede the drafting of any of their team players. So, because St. Louis is a more important team, they have the ability to take Joe Masten away from his current minor league baseball team. His mother though is not very much in favor of him playing baseball but she does support him and she seems to be plenty proud of him.
So then, the other letter gets read. Clara states that it’s probably from one of your many admirers but it’s from a Mabel Barley, and she and her brother are coming out on a trip and they’re going to be passing through Missouri and they wanted to know if they could come and say hi to Joe. There happens to be a blizzard going on but Joe goes to the train station anyway, trudges through the blizzard and he wants to find out where they are and where the train is and the stationmaster said that the train will not be in today at all. The train is stalled in a place called Deep Rock Cut, five minutes away and Joe ends the story by wondering what he can do to help them. I’m done.