Okay. The story started midway and it ended without getting to the end as far as I could tell. I felt I was never really following along well at all because I didn’t have anything to establish it. It’s like walking into a movie that’s already in progress and leaving before it ends. You just don’t have all the pieces to put together to really follow the narrative, so – and it felt like it was almost purposely trying to confuse me at points because they were talking about different things almost randomly sometimes. There was talk about the weather. A lot of talk about a sport, I think it was soccer. There was a lot of disagreements between - Clara was the name that got said a lot, but the one who was taking was, I think, was a boy whose perspective it was, and I don’t recall his name, but Clara got said a lot and I think that was his sister. There was another boy that was there a lot. I don’t remember his name. Because I found everything so hard to – I felt like I was constantly trying to figure out what they just said. Like when someone speaks but they have a really thick accent and I can’t understand what they’re saying, I’m trying to figure out what they said three, four sentences ago and they’re still talking, and so it builds and it builds; there’s more and more that I - while I’m still trying to figure it out, “Wait. What was that word,” they’ve said a whole bunch more, and that’s what this felt like, like you’d never catch up with it, and I wasn’t really absorbing any of it because it started midway and I just didn’t get a chance to catch up versus the story before where it just started naturally from a beginning and had a natural ending. 
There were elements to it in between that I wasn’t really – it didn’t feel like it was a story. It felt like it was some kind of a test and the purpose was to try to confuse you and then see how much you could actually remember versus the first one, that felt like it was just someone telling a story of an event that happened in their life. I don’t remember the details. I think at one point they were at a train station. It started with, I think they were outside and they were playing soccer and then they started having an argument. That’s all that kept happening. There was one argument after another. I think at some point, somebody needed a passport. I don’t know. I found it dizzying. I could not figure out what was going on, who the people were that were talking. I just figured out that there was a brother and a sister, but I think the other one was a sibling or a friend of the brother, and like I said, another was a Clara there because that name got said a lot. 
I was listening closely to the whole thing and I never felt I could catch up with what was actually being said. There was a talk of a sport. There were disagreements over the – was it the ability to play the sport or to play the sport out in the snow? It’s just a big blank to me because as much as I wanted to be following along well, I was constantly saying, “Wait. What’s going on now and who are these people?” I just didn’t feel I was able to catch up at all and – so I am surprised by just how much of it is a blank right afterwards because it was almost like when it ended, it was like that Men in Black eraser wand thing because it was like, “Oh, so there’s not even a proper ending to it. There wasn’t a proper beginning, there’s no proper ending. Okay, erase. None of this mattered,” even though it obviously did because I was supposed to recall it and yet it acted handily like that. It was just as if to say, “Okay. None of these matters.” That is how I would feel about reading a story or watching a movie where you might walk in late and not see the beginning, but to not have an ending to it either, it’s like at what point is there even a story there anymore? It didn’t feel like I’m actually trying to recall a story but just a series of things that somebody was saying and it didn’t even feel connected to each other, which maybe it was if I had heard it from the beginning and I were just able to establish things, but, yes, all I recall is there was a sister named Clara, a brother who was the narrator, the brother of Clara who was the narrator, and they were arguing a lot, and there was another boy there but I don’t remember who he was. 
A lot of the arguments involved a sport. I think it was soccer. They talked about the weather. I think at one point, they were taking about someone needing a passport, but I don’t know if that’s really accurate at all. I just really, I just have no memory for what actually happened because it didn’t feel like anything actually happened. It felt like it was just a series of someone saying things and then without any narrative thread or the ability to understand what the relevancy of everything was, my brain basically just said, “Okay. This is nothing. This is white noise,” and it would be like trying to recall where the – all the exact positions were if you saw white noise on the screen. Who could follow where – because it’s just white noise, it’s not – there’s nothing coherent to it and that’s what this felt like to me. Yes, that’s the best I can do with trying to recall it.  Then I will press D. 