Okay. So, the main character's name is Joe, and he has a little sister named Clara. Now, Joe is a baseball player. He's not a major-league baseball player. He is in, I'm not sure if it's the minor league or not. I must say that the story is extremely hard to follow. I don't know if it was the storyline or if it's the reader, but it was extremely, extremely hard to follow. So, I'm probably going to be all over the place. Anyways. So, Joe gets two letters in the mail, and one of them lets him know that he's been drafted in - he's up - he's being considered to be drafted into, in other words, talks and the work and things, he's been considered to be drafted into what's called the St. Louis Cardinals. I don't remember where Joe is actually from. I don't know if that was even told in the story. Clara, she likes baseball, and she's crazy, obviously, about her brother. Then he has another letter in his pocket, and it's from a girl, one of his fans. Obviously, I guess I take it from him being a baseball player. I want to say basketball. Baseball player. Well, she has someone with her named Reggie. Now, I didn't get what Reggie was to her. I thought Reggie was her boyfriend at first, but I don't think that's the case. Maybe he's her brother. I can't think of her name. It was just on the tip of my tongue. I'm not going to say Madeline because I'm pretty sure that wasn't it, but anyway. So, while Joe and Clara started talking in the room, and listen, Joe is mimicking things and talking to his sister, his mom comes in the room behind him, and while he's mimicking things, his hands hits - he's acting like he's throwing a pitch and his hand hits the vase that she has in her hands. It has water, and it goes all over the floor, breaks, and everything. He tells his mom about what's going on, and his mom was like - she wasn't necessarily happy for him to be pursuing baseball as a career, but she's proud of him, and she wants him to do his best, and she wishes him his best, of course.
Also, the second letter, which Clara talks about before he left out the room, was that - was from this girl. Was it Madeline? I don't think so. Anyway. And that her brother, Reggie, whoever, is coming into town. They're coming into town, and they're coming into town that evening on the train because he has some business to take care of. So, Joe wants to go down to meet them, and he goes down to the station. He asked Clara first if she wanted to go. Clara said no because it's snowing outside; it's cold. “I'm not going out there in that cold. It's storming,” but anyways. So, he's going down to the station, and he's waiting, he's waiting, he's waiting, and then the person who's over the - I can't think of it. Anyway, the person at the train station lets him know that the train has been snowed in at some pass or another, mountain pass, I think, about five miles from where they are. So, Joe's trying to figure out what he can do to help them because he got friends. He considers them friends, and especially - what is her name? Maggie? Madeline? I don't remember, but anyway, especially the lady because he's got a crush on her and things like that. So, that's what's going on, but the train is snowed in, and the person tells him that the train is - there hasn't been a wreck, but that the train is snowed in. It may be for one day. It could possibly be longer. Most likely, it'd be longer, but that it was snowed completely in, and that there was absolutely no way it was going to be - get unstuck. So, obviously, the only way for it to come unstuck is when the snow starts to melt or whatever. Yes. Did I forget anything? Anything of importance? It talks a lot about the baseball games and the teams and everything, and the contract he signed with the team he's playing with, which at this time, I don't understand the name they were saying. I don't even understand the hometown the guy was saying. There was another word I could barely understand that was being said, but anyway. Yes, as I said, the story wasn't the most interesting story to me, but that's what I recall.