It’s a story about a boy named Joe, who plays baseball, and his sister, Clara. He walks in the house, and he has the mail in his hand that have been delivered a couple of minutes ago. He opened a letter and reads it. He realized - he says, “Oh wow,” and the sister Clara is like, “What is it, Joe? Is something wrong with that business?” He was like, “No.” So, she’s like, “What is it?” He reads the letter and basically finds out that the Pits that St. Louis – his baseball team in St Louis wants him from the Pistons and they want to draft him to be with them. So, he talks to his sister about it for a little minute and he was like, “I’ll make more money,” and she was like, “What do you mean?” He was like, “Going to this team, a bigger team. I will make more money than being with the Pistons.” He wound his hand up like he’s about to pitch the ball and his mom walks in right when he was winding his hand up to throw. His mom walks in with a pitcher with water in it to water her flowers by the window. When he did it, his hand hit the vase and the vase went flying over the room and water hit the floor and it shattered the vase. His mom and sister both yelled out, screamed out about it. The mom was like, “Oh no. Look at my carpet.” He told them, “It’s okay. I’ll pick it up.” So, he went and got the mop and he picked up the letter – a letter that he didn’t open up with the girly handwriting and his sister Clara was like, “What is that?” He was like, “It’s a letter for me.” He went and got the mop and cleaned it up. His mom asks, “Your hand, did it hurt your hand?” He was like, “No, Mumsie. I’m good.” So, he got the letter of the one from the baseball team. He started to read the letter and let them know that Saint Louis baseball team wants him. He was like, “They want to draft me.” His mom was like, “Draft? That’s like when back in the day when the Army draft a man to put them on the front line.” His sister was like, “Wow. With the big-league team?” He was like, “Yes.” He’s like, “I’ll be able to make more money. I’m going to this team,” He was like, “With the small team that I’m with, Pistons, I had a contract with them that I had to stay with them only but if a big team wants me, I can go to whatever team. No problems.” He was like, “I will be happy to go because, like I said, there’s more money for me to have.” He was like, “I can eventually probably go to a big-league team like the New York Giants, I think,” the New York team of baseball. So, he had the letter. He put both letters in his pocket and the sister was like, “What’s the other letter? Let me read it.” He was like, “I’ll open it.” “No,” she was like, “Who is the letter from?” He was like “It’s from probably one of my secret admirers or somebody like that.” He opened it and he was like, “Oh, it’s from Maybelle.” She was like, “You knew that that is who it’s from in the first place.” He started reading the letter and he was like, “Oh wow. Maybelle and her brother are coming to visit.” She was like, “Here?” He was like “No. They’re actually on a vacation. They had to make a stop here because her brother has business here. He was like, “Oh wow. They’re coming today.” He was like, “I’m going to go down to the train station to meet them,” He asked his sister if she wanted to go and stuff but the snow was coming down pretty good. It’s like a little blizzard out there. He asked his sister if she wanted to go, Clara, and she’s like, “No. I’m not going out in the storm.” So, he went on and he left and waited at the train station but the train didn’t come. The conductor was like “It’s going to be probably a while because of the snowstorm.” So, he waited a while and went up to the train ticket master and he told him, “You might as well go home because they will not make it today and for several days. Joe “Yo, that went from a wreck?” He could picture his friends hurting. The man was like, “No, but it’s serious. The weather has them basically trapped and they cannot come so you might as well just go home.” 