Okay. So, the story starts out with a brother and sister. The brother, his name is Joe and he is older. Clara says – Clara is the sister. She says something like, “Is the letter bad for dad’s business?” No clue what that means but he says no. Wait. I think the mom says it's snowing outside. Then, he goes on to tell her that the letter is about he’s losing his place in the baseball league but that it’s okay because he’ll make extra money as a pitcher for a different team. I think he goes to like do the fake pitch with his hand in the air. But when he does it, his mom is coming out with a jug of water. He hits her. The water spills and the jug breaks. Well, I think he tells his mom like, “Don’t get in my way or something like that.” It was great. I think she asked him something like, “Did you hurt your hand?” Then, he's like, “No, but get out of my way or something.” Okay. Then, apparently, he had two letters. So, the sister, she was saying about the other one which might be a love letter. Anyway, then Joe goes back to talking about baseball and how the St. Louis National Major League team is like negotiating to get him to sign on. He keeps talking to his mom. I mean he’s looking at his mom and the sister all talking to his mom. The mom is even submitting - this story probably takes place like several decades ago. I think he has this in language about being drafted for the team. Then, the mom was like reminiscing about how that turned. It's like usually for the wartime. It’s like they’re basically just controlling his business opportunities like they’re in charge of that. I think the mom is like not very that enthusiastic about her son as a professional footballer but whatever. I think Joe then says, “Nothing is set in stone.” Then, the sister teases him again about the other letter. So, he goes ahead and – oh, he says it’s from one of his many admirers. So, then he opens it. It’s from somebody named Mabel, who has it that she is coming to visit his town, yes, with her brother, Reggie. I think lives further. Actually, they’re going to be there today on a train. But it’s still snowing outside. So, he decides he'll go to the station anyway. But the sister doesn't. She stays behind because of the weather. It’s like a blizzard. Then, he goes to the station and says that - he tried to get information about that train. But they don’t have – the people are leaving, they don’t have any because of the weather, I think. Then, they say after a while that train had got stuck in the snow. They’re basically saying that there's no way to get to them or anything. So, I think he decides like he has to come up with a plan to get Mabel and her brother off the train. I think they're going to be in town just for the day. Yes. I think the sister had never met Mabel before, but she would once – is new to the city. Yes. That’s what I remember.  