The story is about a young man and he's talking about his sister knowing baseball slang. Then the man said, the young man says that he wants to change baseball teams and he's telling his mother about it and they're talking back and forth. Then his sister gets into some kind of trouble with the train. [Pause] Well, the train is…  I guess he's on the train. They're trying to reach somebody to stop the train or something like that. Before that, he kept talking about joining the Pittsburgh team. He was saying all the benefits he would receive from joining the team but that his manager, his current manager with his current team would be upset at him, but maybe they would understand. I guess his sister – he has two sisters. One is Carol, I think, and one is like a little sister. He was just really surprised in the beginning that she knew so much slang. Then the other sister says - this is at the beginning. The other sister says that a lot of – it’s not slang because just because she's a girl. It's just the way they talk. He just sort of was shocked by what she said, I think. Then it progressed to he was talking about - talking to his mother and he wanted to change teams. His sister got in trouble. That's pretty much what I recall about the story. The mother did seem sort of against it, I guess, or I'm sure, but everybody seemed to want to leave it up to him to decide what to do. [Pause] The team was Pittsburgh, St. Pittsburgh or something. I guess he thinks that he'll make more money as well joining that team and that there's more benefits to the team. I can't really recall what the sister thought of that, but I do know that the - like I said before, his manager was - that he's worried about what his manager will think and worried how to do the transition to the new team. As for the old team, I don't remember him saying much, being worried about it that much or what the hell happened to the old team. I think the young man's name, the main character was Jeff, I think. I know that one sister was named Carol. Then there's the mother. Then there's another friend that he's talking to about the train. Before that, there's also the manager, but he's not really in the story. He just mentions him. So, the main character is the young man. I think his name is Jeff, like I said. All the other characters seem to be secondary. Except for the side character, the one sister gets involved with the train. I guess he has to figure out what he's going to do to try to save her. That's about all I remember. 