Joe and his sister Clara are in the kitchen and Joe is looking through the mail. While he's looking through the mail, he finds a letter that he starts to read. Clara asks him what is in the letter and he says that there is some important news. She wonders if it has to do with their father's business, but Joe Matheson says that it does not. Instead, he says that it has to do with his baseball career, and he tells Clara that soon, he may be making some more money. As he is telling her that he may be making some more money, she, Clara, asks him how he will be making more money. Joe says he'll be making money with his pitching arm. As he says this, he winds his arm up as if he's going to pitch a baseball. While he's doing this, his mother, Mrs. Matheson walks into the room with a full jug of water that she had planned on using to water a windowsill box. Joe bumps into her with his arm and spills the jug of water on the floor. Mrs. Matheson is upset because she says that her floor is going to be ruined and that she is glad she didn't bring her good jug in.  Joe gets some towels to sop up the water, and when he does, he tells his mother that he has received an important letter. Clara spots a different letter in his hand that has girlish handwriting on it and teases him to see if he will talk about that one, but he won't yet. Instead, he tells his mother that he has been informed that a major league baseball team may want to draft him in St. Louis. His mother says draft sounds like something from the war times and asked if Joe has any say in the matter. Joe says that when he signed the contract, he doesn't really, but that any team that wanted to have him had to get permission from the Pittston team that he's already on. But that because this was a bigger team, the team that he is on have to acknowledge them and let them have a chance with Joe. Just being with that team would give him a better chance of being on a bigger team that he would like to like the Philly Athletics or the New York Giants. He teases Clara about the other letter that he has and says that he will read it to her to put her out of her misery, although he didn’t tell her who it’s from. It turns out that it's from Mabel Borley who is a girl that he likes and that her and her brother are coming to their town to visit and that they will be arriving that day. Joe tells Clara and his mother that he is going to go down to the train station to see when they will be arriving even though it is a blizzard out right now. When he goes to the train station, he speaks to the conductor and the conductor tells him that there may be a delay because of all the snow. Joe decides to come back later and when he does, the conductor tells him to not worry about coming back that day because the train is not going to be in that day. It might not even be in for another couple of days. Joe gets worried and thinks that maybe there's been a train wreck, and he's envisioning his friends in a train wreck and he asks the conductor if there has been a train wreck. The conductor says there's not but almost as bad. The train has stalled and has gotten snowed in five miles above them. Joe cannot believe that that train has gotten snowed in. 