This story starts with a brother named Joe and her sister named Clara. You kind of find out Joe is a baseball player. A pitcher, actually. It starts with him reading a letter. The sister thinks it’s bad news from the father, but it’s news from a man named Gregory, which I believe is like his manager now on the small-time team that he’s on, and they want to potentially draft him to a Major League team, which I thought was the St. Louis Nationals in the beginning, but at the end, I thought I heard the St. Louis Cardinals. So, he tells his sister that, and then he’s kind of horseplaying, fooling around, pretending to pitch. The sister yells out to watch out, but it was a little late, and his mother, Mrs. Madison was coming down the stairs or coming in the door, and he hits the water pitcher off the tray that she was carrying. She was going to water the flowers. He laughs, and the girl screamed, of course. He tells the mother about the letter and that he – nothing is set in stone, but he could potentially be drafted which the mother explains that it sounds like a wartime thing, being drafted, about men going against their will of having to go to war. So, he explains the whole thing that he had signed a contract with the small-time team that he’s with now but Major League teams kind of trump that. So, if a Major League team was after him, they trump the small-time team and the contract that he has with them because the contract stated that he could not play for other teams, but if a major team comes calling, then that’s different. So, he told the sister and the mother that and that he was kind of looking forward to it and nothing was definite, but he would love to go to them if they wanted. I think he had to go to Missouri for the - like some – like maybe the trials, I think I heard him mentioned. So, he talks about that, and then he kind of walks out of the room, and the sister follows.
He has another letter, and the sister inquires who that’s from, and he says one of his many admirers and he doesn’t know who. So, he opens it up and it’s from a woman named Mabel, and she states that she’s coming not to visit them but coming to town - and she knows - I guess she knows Joe but never met Clara - with her brother, Reggie. They are coming and they’re going to be staying in a hotel right there, I guess, and she wants to see them, and she’s going to be there actually that afternoon on the afternoon express train. So, Joe is kind of excited about that because it sounds like he has like a little bit of a crush on her. So, he decides to go down to the station, and it’s snowing pretty hard now. He figures the train will probably be late. He asks Clara if she wants to go and she says, “Not in the weather that – not in a storm.” So, he seems like walks down to the train station and is met by the stationmaster and - because he couldn’t get really any information when the train is going to be in. So, the stationmaster said he doesn’t really know. “All the trains are kind of going to be late because of the weather. Come back this afternoon.” So, he comes back that afternoon and the stationmaster tells him that he does have some news. It startles Joe a little bit. He tells him that the train is snowed in at Deep Rock Cut or something like that. I’m not sure if that’s correct. Five miles above them. It’s snowed in and stuck, and it may not be there tomorrow or for the next several days. Joe is kind of taken aback by that and wonders if there’s anything that he can do to help his friends because Mabel and Reggie are supposedly on that train. This story really leaves you hanging because that is literally it. That’s it. It doesn’t let you know if helps his friends. It doesn’t let you know if the train gets out. So, I’m trying to just gloss back over it. So, I’m not sure of the teams. I thought in the beginning I heard the St. Louis Nationals, but then, as he’s walking to the train station and kind of thinking about everything, he’s kind of just musing like, “Wow,” like, “The St. Louis,” and he says, “Cardinals could be potentially interested in me,” so I’m not sure on that one. I only heard the “Cardinals wants,” and I think I heard the “Nationals” a couple times. That’s it. 