All right. So, this is really different from the first story. This story sounds like it was written a long time ago or that it’s set a long time ago. The setting was a long time ago. So, a man, a baseball player named Joe, I think it’s Mars, and I really did have trouble understanding the last time. It sounds like he’s like in his house, in his living room or something with his sister, and he got the mail and… [Side Conversation] Anyways, he’s talking to his sister, and he gets - he opens a letter, and he acts like - he says something like, “Wow. This is going to make a really big difference in my life,” and she’s concerned because sister and mom, who hilariously he calls like “Mom Z,” are really big supporters of his, and it’s kind of nice actually, his mom and sister are such big fans of his. But anyway, he gets a letter and he kind of teases her with it, “Boy, this is going to make a big difference in my life,” and she’s like, “Oh, my gosh. Did you lose your job? Did you lose your job in baseball even after you helped the…” I can’t remember the name of the other team he’s playing for now. “Even though you helped them win the pennant?” So, he kind of teases it out a little bit more, and then before he tells her anything, before he tells her like what’s really in the letter that he got from - I think it’s from – shoot. I want to say Mr. Gregory. Anyway, he pretends to do a big pitch, like a big windup pitch, and it just so happened at that point his mom is walking in the room with a pitcher of water, and so he winds up kind of into her, knocking the pitcher out of her hand, and everything kind of smashes and crashes around, but mom is really good-natured about it, and nobody gets hurt. Then he - I think it said he helped her clean everything up, and she - mom is like, “Oh, my my rug,” just what a mom really would say. So, Joe cleaned up the mess.
Then finally, he tells his sister – I’m not sure if his mom is still there at this point. I can’t remember – that potentially he’s going to go work for - like he didn’t get fired. He’s potentially going to get moved up to the Major Leagues for the St. Louis – what were they? The Nationals? St. Louis team. So, he’ll be like playing ball for St. Louis, and they wanted him to pitch for them, and he said they’ll be more money and more fame he thinks or at least he hopes if he gets picked, like it’s not a sure thing, it’s not a 100% thing. Then he talks about how he has a contract where he’s got to stay with his present team, whose name I honestly can’t remember, but if you just called up to the Major Leagues, then the team that he’s with right then has to let him go. So, it sounds like he’s playing like Triple-A ball. Oh, they didn’t call it that. Anyway, so again, he talks about how potentially there would be more money, but there’ll also be more competition, and his sister is like, “You’re the best picture on your team,” the one he’s playing for presently, and he says, “I’m not sure about that.” So, he says, “I had some pretty lucky breaks.” So, he’s pretty modest, and he sounds like he’s - I mean, I’m sure he’s fairly young too. But anyways, super excited about it. So then, his sister is teasing him about the other letter, like, “What’s in the other letter Joe?” and so he kind of tortures her a little bit about that too. Then he opens it, and he said it’s from a girl named “Mabel,” whose last name I can’t remember, and that she and her brother are visiting whatever town they’re living in. I want to say it’s Pittsburgh, but again, I’m not sure if I’m remembering that right. So, sister is like, “They’re going to visit? They’re going to stay here?” and Joe’s like, “No, no. They’re going to stay in a hotel, but they’re going to come hopefully and visit us too.” Joe is kind of excited about the prospect of seeing Mabel because he - I think it said he liked her like inordinately more than he’s ever liked another woman, so it sounds like maybe he kind of loves her, but anyway.
I forgot to mention the weather. So, in the background – so it’s not baseball season - it’s snowing when the story starts, and then when they talk - when Joe talks about Mabel and her brother visiting, he mentions that “It’s really coming down,” and then his sister says, “It’s like a little - like it’s like a blizzard out there,” and then Joe says he’ll go down to the train station to meet Mabel and her brother, and so he goes down. I think he goes down the first time to find out like what time their train comes in because I guess it doesn’t say it in the letter. The stationmaster or the guy at the train depot says he’s not sure because the weather is so horrible. Then it talks about how – well, there is like a description of Joe like walking again in the blizzard, kind of against the snow kind of thing. While he’s walking, he’s thinking about how - that he’s kind of surprised that he’s been asked up to the Majors so quickly, like so quickly in his career. I guess it was something he had not anticipated. Anyway, to make the long story endless here. He gets to the train station again, and the stationmaster is like, “Listen, Joe. Their train is not going to be on time. It might even be a couple of days late because it’s…” What did he say? Land - he didn’t say landlocked. Oh, shoot. He said, “It’s snowed in” at some Pike Pass or Rock Pass, or something, and then Joe is like, “Snowed in?” Then that’s pretty much where the story ends, but it doesn’t seem like that was the whole story. It seems like that was just part of a story, like maybe Joe’s going to go and help shovel the train out or something like that. I don’t know. Anyway, the ending seemed a little bit incomplete, but that was the end of it. Joe finds out that the train is going to be super late, maybe days late, and that his Mabel and her brother won’t be there for at least a couple of days. So, okay. 