So, basically, it follows a guy, I guess Joe. I guess he’s high school or college. Basically, it’s a snowy, winter day. This guy named Joe, he talks about getting a letter and his sister Clara asked him first, is it a letter from – a problem about their father’s business. He’s like, “No.” He tells her that it's a letter, I guess, from a guy named Gregory, who - I guess he’s a baseball player and I guess they removed him from his team. I think he played for St. Louis but now they’re switching him to the Pittston team. I don’t know, but that’s that, yes.
They talked a little bit and then I guess he starts – I guess he pretended he’s playing baseball and he’s swinging, I guess. Their mom comes in. I guess with water to water the plant or something. He actually goes and hits it and it falls and breaks into pieces. They screamed and their mom was startled and his sister, Clara, was startled.
They talked about what’s going on. Joe goes and cleans everything up. They talked a little more about, I guess, why he wants to – why he’s okay with switching teams. I think that he got kicked off the team but he’s actually turning professional, I guess.
I guess he got another letter. It was from two of his friends. One of them is a girl that he likes named Mabel, and so he wants to go to the train station and meet them so he could talk to her and ask her out, I guess. 
He goes to where the train station is at. He’s asking when his friends are going to come. I guess it was called something express, the Atlantic Express or something. I don’t know. I can’t remember. Atlantic Express. I guess the guy tells Joe that they’re not going to be coming because there’s a delay and it won’t be like two or three days, and then Joe is freaking out. There might be an accident. He said, “Well, my friends are on that.” He’s like, “Is there anything I can do?” Then he cuts off. 
I’m trying to think. [Pause] It’s only been a minute? [Laughter] I’m trying to think of what else really happened. Most of them just go into detail about his journey and I guess – I don’t know what his – I don’t remember that much about baseball but I guess he – I know that Gregory is his manager and he was playing for St. Louis. I don't know how old he is. I don’t know if he’s a professional or I don’t know if he’s going to become a professional player now. I think he was just playing in high school or college, and so he was, I guess, playing for a college team maybe, I think, and then they kicked him off. [Laughter] But then he got a letter saying that instead of they’re kicking him off the team so that he can become a professional player, I guess.
Well, his sister is freaking out because they think that he might lose some money. He’s like, “No, it’s a good opportunity. I want to take this on.” He’s pretty enthusiastic about everything.
Yes, there was a lot of baseball stuff that they’re talking about. It was the majority of it. That’s basically what happened. Like I said, it’s wintertime. Joe was talking to his sister and then she’s afraid he – she knows that he likes baseball. She seems really supportive of him but she’s also concerned for him too because she wants the best for him, and then the mom comes in and she has her same concerns but Joe is pretty set in what he wants to do. Like I said, once they’re at the house talking, he still goes out to the snow. He asked Clara if she wants to come with him. She’s like, “No, it’s snowing.” All that. Which makes sense but he’s going to be more. I guess he goes to the train station and then waiting, expecting his friends and it’s – it has been too long for whatever reason. I don’t believe it said why. He thought there’s an accident, something terrible might happen but it was just his imagination. You don’t know exactly what happens. He’s like, “Hey, is there anything I can do? I’m waiting for them.” 
I hope that was four minutes. I guess I’m done.   