This story is about a conversation with a brother and sister, Joe and his little sister, Clara, and these two letters he got. Clara was asking, “Is there anything serious about our father's business, Joe?” and as he looks at the snow, he yawns and he says, “No, it's not in trouble. I kind of learned about baseball and see if I become a pitcher, and Clara was using slang and was like, “Have you really lost your place?” and Joe says, “No. I could have used the money,” and Clara was like, “What extra money?” As they were talking, Ms. Matson brought up a jug of water, and Joe’s arm struck it and it cracked in pieces on the floor. Ms. Matson asked, “Are you practicing early in the season?” and Joe picked the letter and also looked at a letter that was with a girl's handwriting, and Joe mopped the floor, and Clara wanted to read it. Joe was saying it was a letter from Mr. Gregory about the St. Louis National playoffs – or the team. She’s like, “Are you going to the team?” and he said, “Mr. Greg said I’ll be drafted to the St. Louis, and that’s about it, Mom.” I think he said. “I'll surely get more money if they want to draft me. I bet they will.” Also, Piston has to – Clara would say something about Piston has to give way to a good team or get more playing. But they’re saying if one does good, it is what counts. Gregory's - there's nothing definite but Clara thinks he is the best pitcher, and Joe sat to look up the batting average. He could be in a better place if New York chooses him. So, they were talking about different teams. I don’t remember the other teams besides the New York. So, they were discussing the two letters, and then that other letter he brought was about – from Mabel Varlin, and he said he can’t forget about her handwriting. The letter is about Mabel and her brother is visiting. “They’re trying to see us,” and Clara said, “When?” He’s like, “Today. They’re coming today but there is a snow blizzard.” Joe asked if Clara wants to come and Clara says no but I sure want to see Mabel and she left and Joe said he's going to the station to see them and then he finds out the trains are running late. He had a call that there is a news that they won't be in today and their train just stopped. So, he was like, “ I got to find out what's happening with the trains” and when is he going to see his good friends again. That was the story between Joe and Clara about this baseball. 