Joe and Clara were reading some mail, and Joe got a letter stating that his role in baseball was going to change. Clara was pretty sympathetic towards Joe. She was like, “Well, as long as I’m going to be paid.” It turns out he has been drafted. Later they find out that it would be the major leagues and he started swinging a bat around. Miss Madison showed up with a jug of water to water some plants over by the window. He just happened to swing his bat at the wrong time, hit the jug, and it spilled all over the floor. He was so focused on baseball, he was so excited. Of course, Miss Madison was not very happy. He soaked up the water and she was concerned that is going to ruin it and he would later mop it up, and he started telling her about being drafted; possibility of going up into the major league. Now, how they have a voice on where he goes, and if the big boys want him, the little guys got to let him go. Miss Madison was not particularly excited about his role as a baseball player but she was still proud of him. They still believed in him. 
He also received some other mail and there a couple people that are going to come in town for a visit or they’re passing through, they’re traveling. He was going to go see them and he thought there was a terrible snowstorm outside. He thought he’d go up to the train depot and meet with them. It turned out, based on his conversation with Clara that, it sounded like she was really interested in the girl that was coming. 
So, while he was walking up at the depot, he was thinking a lot about baseball and he’s pretty excited about the possibilities. He got there and they were saying, “I don’t know when the train is going to come in.” “What do you mean there’s no train coming in?” or “You don’t know when the train’s coming in? Was there an accident? Did something happen?” He was visualizing these people injured due to the accident. Oh gosh, how did they say it? Due to the blizzard, they were stalled. It could be days for them to finally make it to the train station. As he was sitting there trying to process, “Can I help these people?” That’s where the story ends. I’m trying to think [Laughter] on the - there we go. 