There's a guy in a room tossing a ball around, and a girl comes in the room, and she's asking him what he's doing. He's asking her what she's doing. They're talking about him starting his baseball career and she's proud that he's starting a baseball career and the door opens. He’s still tossing the ball around, and he hits the person coming in the room with the ball. She drops what she has in her hand. Later, we find out that that's his mother who he keeps calling her momsy. They started talking about him having a baseball career, and his mother asked him, he said something about being drafted. She said, “Oh, god, drafted sounds like they're sending you off to war. Does that mean you don't get to pick which team you go to and you can't play for Pittsburgh?” He said yes, but he doesn't really mind because he actually gets paid more. If there's still the possibility that he could get sent to the  the major leagues even though he doesn't get to choose the team that he wants to go on.
The three of them continued their conversation, I don’t know what they're talking about other than him going to a baseball team where he was going and what he was wearing and how he used to swing and how great he was and how wonderful he was, and the sister realizes that he has a letter. He opens the letter, it’s a survey, and is recording, and he opens the letter, and it says - I don't know what it says. It says something. I think his friends are coming to town, so he goes to the train station to see when it is that he's supposed to pick them up, there are a lot of people walking around, and then he asked the conductor or someone working there when the train is going to come in. When the train is supposed to come in, and he tells him the train won't be coming in, not that   sorry for him, but more like it's just bad for you or lucky for you that you're not on it, and he says, “I have friends on that train and the train was snowed in somewhere.” So, his friends aren’t coming.
His friends aren’t coming because the train has snowed in. He leaves the train station, or he stays at the train station. The conductor said something else to him. What else? It was such a boring story. At the beginning of the story, his sister talks about how he used to be such a great player and all the things that he used to do. The kind of take a walk down memory lane about is baseball prowess.
In the middle of the story, the mother does the same thing. I think before he goes to the train station, he starts talking about how cool it would be and how prestigious it would be to be a part of a baseball team, to be on the team, play for the team. I don't remember any real details about the brother and sister talking at the beginning of the story. It was just a lot of blah, blah, blah. It was really boring. Like, what are you doing? I'm playing baseball. I thought it would have got more interesting when his mother walked in, and the ball flew and hit her in hand or whatever, and it knocked out of her hand what she was carrying, but she was just boring as the two of them, and then they all started talking about the same subject matter, or talking about playing baseball and how much he’s going to like playing baseball, and how much the mom is always wanting him to play baseball, and this letter just comes out of the blue, and the sister is mad when he does pull it out like he been hiding it the whole time, that he was like he wasn't really hiding it. She just didn't notice that it was there.
When he told her what was in the letter, it was almost as if he wasn't reading the letter to her right then because he just opened it right then. It sounds like he had already read it and analyzed it and got all the important details that he wanted to get from it. So, him opening the envelope really didn't make a difference. I don't remember them saying anything about him leaving the house or to drive to the train station or what that was like. I just know he popped up at the train station and he was there waiting for his friends to show up, and the train never showed up. I got nothing else.