Okay. So, in the story it starts off with Joe and his sister Clara. I think they were playing baseball. I think Joe like knocked over a water pitcher or something, like he was trying to save his mom from getting wet, I think. After that happened, I think Joe was trying to get on a baseball team and they kept saying that he will be on St. Louis Cardinals. He got a letter that I think was from the St. Louis Cardinals. I’m not sure. The story was really hard to follow, but I think the letter was from the St. Louis Cardinals and I think that they were extending an invitation for him to come and be a part of the team. So, I think maybe they ended up going to St. Louis, but that’s all I really remember from the story. The story was really difficult for me to follow. 
[Pause] I do remember that Joe says that he’ll save his mom from getting wet, but I don’t remember how he says that he’s going to stop her from getting wet. I do remember that knocking over and his mom saying something about it. I think that Clara was probably really supportive of his baseball dreams and aspirations. There’s not really a whole lot else that I could remember in the story. I think at some point, Joe’s dad shows up and he’s talking to him about the St. Louis Cardinals, but I’m not positive. He was just talking to Clara still or just talking to his dad or his mom. Like I said, the story was kind of difficult to follow for me. I think that in the beginning of the story, they were also playing in a public park, but it was a little confusing because it sounded like - at least that’s what I was imagining it, like when I was hearing the story, they’re playing in a public park, but it sounded like when he knocked over the pitcher and he was talking to his mom that they were in the house. I don’t understand why all this Joe, but not care about getting wet. I’m trying to remember more, but I’m just having a difficult time to - so, I think Joe’s sister, Clara was like [Audio Gap] him. I think it’s his little sister. [Pause] I also think that Joe was may be a fan of St. Louis Cardinals, but I’m done. 