Okay, so the story begins with the quote “Woo!” and it's Joe Madison who says it. It's like “Woo!” said Joe Madison or something like that, and he has letters and he's reading a letter, and his sister Clara is there too, and she asked him what the letter’s about. There's some banter back and forth, but he essentially says that he may not be playing for the Pistons, and at some point, I think there's a reference to Pennsylvania or Philadelphia, but that's his team that he plays for, and she is just so shocked because she says that he helped them win games or series or something. So, he started playing with her back and forth about whether or not he - I think she says, “But you love baseball and you're so good,” and he says that he is good, and they go back and forth the letters from Mr. Gregory, who I guess is the manager or the owner of his baseball team, The Pistons.
So, then he’s saying that he's still good and he's still going to pitch, and I think that he may make money, and she's just totally confused because she thinks that he's saying that they're letting him go. So, he is mimicking pitching and he whines up, and then he hits Mrs. Madison who he calls momsy as she's - he doesn't hit her. She's carrying a pitcher, and she's going to water plants, and he hits the pitcher and it spills. So, then he's talking to his mom and they're talking about the letter, and he's going back and forth. He's not really being that forthcoming, and then Clara, his sister at one point alludes to the letter with the feminine handwriting on it, and then he starts to say that the letters from Mr. Gregory - he's really talking to his mom at this point, and that he has says that the St. Louis Nationals are interested in him, and they've noted their interest in him. So, although it's not definite, he may be going to the St Louis Nationals because he's become drafted. His mother takes issue with the fact that he's drafted as though it's being drafted into the army. Then he explains that when he sign the contract with the Pistons, what it said was that the Pistons had a right to his playing for them, and that he could not go to another team unless the Pistons agreed to it.
But he said that the major league teams trump the Piston. So, if a major league team is interested in him, then he must go and play for the major league team and the St. Louis Nationals are interested in him. Mr. Gregory says that nothing is settled yet, but that he would be sorry to see him go. At this point, he talks about wanting to go to the majors and play for the New York Giants or the Philadelphia - is it the Philadelphia? It's another major city, but it's not the name of the team that's there now, but he knows that he has to go, like Missouri wouldn’t be a bad place. So, he has to go there if it pans out, and so he's going to look at the lineup and see what he's going to be facing in terms of batting average. 
Then, his sister asked him about a second letter, and that's the letter with the woman's handwriting, and he says that he's being coy the whole time and he sort of playing with them and he's not being very direct, but he essentially says that it's – oh, he does say that if he can put out, he can make money and he wants to pitch for the St. Louis Nationals if he could. Then later on, they say it's the St. Louis Cardinals, although in the beginning, I really think they said it was the St. Louis Nationals. But then they start talking about the other letter, and the other letter is from two of his friends. The letter itself is written by Mabel and her brother, and she are coming and they're going to be - she wants to if it would be okay to drop in and see them. I can't remember her brother's name now, but then Clara asked some questions and then Clara is intimating that you Mabel's interested in Joe, but he says that he really wants to see the brother, but that's actually towards the end of the conversation. But before that then, he explains that they're coming through on their way to somewhere else, but they were hoping that maybe they could get together and that they're coming in by train, and then he realizes their train is coming in within the hour. So, Joe wants to go to the station to meet the train, and he looks outside and he sees that it's snowing. Then Clara notes that it's a blizzard, and he asks her if she wants to go with him to the train station, but she says no because of the snow. So, he ends up going to the train station and when he gets to the train station, it turns out that the train is going to be late.
So, he talks to someone at the train station and they tell him that the train’s not going to be coming on that day and maybe even for many more days. He asked if there's been a crash and in his mind, he pictures his friends in the crash, but the station person assures him that it wasn't a crash, but says that up the mountain and names of mountain that they're snowed in, and so they can't get through on the tracks. That's all I remember. 