This is a story about Joe and his sister, Clara, and their mom, and it starts with Joe getting a letter in the mail. He reads it and he’s being a little bit obtuse, a little bit annoying about it, teasing his little sister, Clara, a little bit, and she says, “Oh, what's it about? What's so exciting about this news?” He says, “Oh. Well, you know I’ve been playing baseball, and now, I might be able to make some more money with my pitching arm.” She asks him how could that be, and he stands up and starts to mime throwing it, and right as he does that, his mom walks in with a big jug of water, and he hits the jug, knocks it down to the ground and it crashes away, but it also – when it crashes to the ground, it cracks and there’s water everywhere, and his mom takes it all in good fun, says, “Oh my gosh, are you all right? Why are you doing that inside when the season has just barely started,” or not even started, and he sits everybody down and he says, “I have some really exciting news, which is that the St. Louis Nationals, this baseball team, wants to draft me.” His mom – it seems like she doesn’t know too much about baseball – asks, “Oh my gosh. Like a war?” He says, “No, not exactly, but I’d take it no matter what because it’s a major league team. These major league teams, even if St. Louis isn’t a great major league team, with the rest of them, I’d be able to go and keep going up and keep playing baseball for as long as I want.” Everybody is very supportive of this, but Clara, his sister, has noted that he got a second, with a girl’s handwriting on the front. So, she seizes it and said, “Oh, can I read that one?” He says, “Oh. Well, you can’t, but I’ll tell you who’s it from. Let me open it up.” He opens it up, and finds out it’s from this girl he knows. I think her name is Mabel. She and her brother are going to come into town, and they’re going to be there today in a couple of hours at the train station. He says, “Well, gosh. I have to head down to the train station so that I can meet them there so they don’t get totally lost, but I don’t know if a train is going to be showing up at all. It’s snowing pretty heavily out.” But regardless, he, I think, hops on his bike, and he heads down to the train station. He gets to the train station, the station master says, “Hey, we don’t know when it's going to be in. There are some delays because of the weather. Why don't you go ride your bike around a bit, come back in a little. He does bit comes back, the station master says, “We still don’t know.” He rides around a little bit more, comes back, and the station master says, “Look, son, there’s not going to be a train today. Maybe not for another week, because right now, all the trains – this train specifically, is snowed in. There’s no way it’s going to get here. It’s snowed in five miles up the track, and it can’t move. It stalled and it's stuck.” This really worries Joe because he wanted to meet his friends, and he wanted them to see him, and share the news with them too. He says, “My friends are on that train.” That’s where the story ends. 