Joe is looking at a paper from an envelope and he kind of goes, " Whew." He sighs. He says, " Whew," and his sister Clara looks at him and she asks him, "What's the matter?" He responds that it's a letter from their dad. He says that he will not be making as much money soon, and his sister asked him, "Why? Are you having trouble with your baseball team?" because Joe plays baseball. Joe says, "Not exactly." Joe starts to wind up like he's going to pitch and he starts to throw. At this time his mom, “Mumsie,” as he calls her, walks in and she has a water jug. The water jug falls and it falls all over the floor. It goes all over the place, the water all over the carpet. Joe fetches a mop and he cleans up the water, and then he notices that there's another letter. He opens it, and it's from Mr. Gregory. Mr. Gregory tells him that it looks like the St. Louis Nationals, the Major League Baseball, are probably going to draft him to play for them. His mom and Clara are kind of worried, "What does a draft mean? It sounds like some sort of war," his mother says, and Joe responds that the Major League Baseball has to be very organized like this so that it runs well, and it does run well. The Pittston team that he signed with, if a bigger team comes, they have to give him to the bigger team. That's just the way that it works, and he doesn't mind going to the St. Louis Nationals because he'll be making more money. He'll be able to show off his arm and have a better chance to go to an even better team. He will maybe get to the New York Giants. At this time, he notices another letter and he tells his mom that, "I'll save you from a wedding." Joe kind of gets up and starts to walk around, and gets up and leaves with his two letters and there's a large flat envelope. Clara sees this and asks him, "What's this envelope?" and Joe responds, "Oh, I won't know until I opened it up, but it's probably one of my admirers." So, Joe says, "I won't leave you wondering any longer." So, Joe opens up the flat envelope, looks inside and it's a letter from Maybelle, Maybelle Barley. His sister says, "Oh Joe, you wouldn't have forgotten her handwriting that easily, that quickly?" Joe says, "Well." So, Joe reads the letter and he says, "Maybelle and her brother, Reggie, are coming to visit," and Clara says, "To visit us?" Joe says, "Well, not exactly. They're coming to town," and they continued reading, "Actually, they're coming today." So, Joe puts the letter away and hurries up. He says, "I should go down to the train station. The train would probably be late, but I want to get down there." So, he walks down, and it has been snowing so he's walking through the snow. Finally, he gets to the train station. The train is not there. He talks to the man at the train station and they say, "Well, the trains are all late. They're all backed up so they're not on time." Joe is waiting around and finally word comes that the train is five miles up and it's stuck in the snow. Joe is worried. At first, he's asking, "Has there been an accident?" but they say, "No, there's no accident, but the train is stuck in the snow and there's no way out. It could be days before they're out." So, Joe is wondering, "What can I do for my friends? They're stuck in the snow for days. How can I help them?" 