Okay. So, the story, it’s kind of hard. It sort of starts in the middle of the story and so it’s a bit weird. There’s a guy named Joe and his sister, and they’re talking. She’s talking about how Joe is a baseball player for something called the central league, and they had just won the pennant in their league. Him and his sister are talking about how baseball and I guess, the central league is having a bit of slow down. It’s not really like a major league; it’s sort of like a minors. So, they’re talking and Joe gets two pieces of mail. Joe opens up the first piece of mail and he discovered that he’s been drafted by St. Louis that he tells his mom and his sister and his mom says that draft is kind of like – sounds like a military talk and then he has to explain that he has really no choice into where he would have to play in the majors because of the system, it works where you get drafted by a team and explains this contract he had with a central league team where they had the rights to him and he couldn’t become a free agent or anything like that. Once he was signed to them, he could basically only be signed to them and mostly traded him away but they only had the rights for that league. If a bigger league wanted to – one that St. Louis is in the national league, wanted to draft him, they would supersede their rights so that he’s going to be playing in St. Louis now and his mom talks to him about she never really thought much in wanting the pick to be a baseball player but she guessed that he’s done well and now that he’s drafted by a team. They sort of talk about him having to go to St. Louis and stuff like that, then they go, “Well, what’s the other piece of the mail?” He opens it and it’s a letter from his friends saying that they’ll be coming to visit on a train and they’ll be coming shortly; arriving, I believe, that day. So, him, Joe, and his sister, his mother talked about his friends showing up, and if they want to go with them because he’s going to go meet them because they’re taking a train, like the train station, that the weather outside is pretty bad. So, the sister doesn’t really want to go because of that, but he convinces her to go with him anyway to go meet them. So, they get a ride there because of the weather. They show up at the train station, and I don’t know what you call them, I don’t know, the manager basically of that train station is there and he goes like, “Oh, what are you guys here for? Oh, waiting for friends that are coming.” He goes, “Oh, well, they won’t be in because a train is stuck a couple of miles from town because of the snowstorm.” Joe was pretty shocked by that because a train being stopped by snow is pretty rare. He wonders if he could do anything about it, and he talks to the guy at the train station for a little while about if there’s anything he could do to help to get the train out and that his friends are on the train that’s coming to visit them. He [Pause] thinks about that for a while, and he just talks to them. He’s like on his way to maybe go help but it’s not exactly clear in my memory. Yes. That’s about it.  