Okay. Story starts with a boy and his younger sister standing around in the living room of their house. The boy has some letters, and he's talking about them with his sister. His sister is curious to know what the letters say. [Pause] Boy reveals that he's some kind of baseball player, and he starts winding his arm up to pretend to throw a ball. Just then, his mother walks in, and he knocks the ball at a - sorry, a jug she's carrying out of her hands. It breaks on the ground, and it spills water everywhere. Then they go back to talk about the letters, and he hints he's about to start making a lot more money because of what this letter says. They keep pestering him about what it says, and he finally reveals - he's being really smug about it all. He finally reveals that the letter says that he got onto a major league team, I think, in Philadelphia or something. I'm not sure. [Pause] Okay. Then they start talking about the draft system and how it works. The mother and the sister are all confused that he can't refuse the draft and choose to stay on the team he's on right now, which is a minor league team, and he explains that he wouldn't even if he could because he's going to make a lot more money on a major league team and his prospects for getting on an even better team are much higher if he moves to this major league team because it will put the spotlight on him, and I guess that settles that.
Then they ask what's in the other letter, and there's this girl who's coming to visit. At first, he's like, “Oh, it's one of my many admirers,” teasing them about it, and the girl has been pestering him the whole time about what that letter says because she noticed that it was written in fancy girlish lettering or something like that. [Pause] So, it says that she's coming with her family or something like that to come visit their town, maybe on the way through to somewhere else or something like that. I don't remember that exactly. I think her name was Mabel, Maybelline. He's surprised by this, and he's happy about it. So, he says he's going to go down to the train station and asked about when they'll get in, but there's a big snowstorm happening. I mentioned earlier in the thing that he saw the snow outside, but he didn't even think about it, just looked at it without thinking, without conscious thought. Nobody wants to go with him because of the storm. They have to clean up, I guess. So, he goes down alone to the station, and he asked the - whatever, the guy at the station who works there. He asked him when the train’s going to come in, and he says, “I don't know. No point asking. We have no idea. It's going to be late, though, because there's a storm. We're sure about that.” and I guess he comes back later, and he asks again. Then the train guy says, “I've got bad news. There's been a problem, and the train's not going to show up for a few days,” and the guy immediately assumes the worst. He's like, “Oh, no. They must have wrecked, and now everyone's hurt,” and then the train guy calm him down. He's like, “No, they're just snowed in. So, yes, it'd be a few days to get them out of the snow.” Then the baseball guy says, “Oh, I wonder if there's anything I can do to help,” and that is the end of the story. 