Okay. This story was about a guy named Joe, and the story started off with him and his sister, Clara. They were having a conversation about baseball and I think he had two letters. One letter that he had read was about what his sister was asking him, saying that they had just won the pennant and is he about to lose his place on the team? He said it seems that way and also - I’m so sorry. [Pause] Okay. Sorry. I have a bit of a coughing fit. She asked was he about to lose his place on the team? He said it seems that way. Then he went on to tell her that he thinks that he’s going to make money elsewhere or make more money and she was inquiring like how is he going to do that? He was saying with this arm of his, at which point he tried to demonstrate that arm. At that very time or that very moment, his mother came in and she had a pitcher with water that she was going to use to water some box plants, and the ball struck the pitcher and water went everywhere all over the floor. The pitcher cracked into many pieces. He asked was his mother okay? She said she was fine. That’s why he was practicing this early. He cleaned the water up and then they went on to have a conversation. His mother was saying that she was not thrilled. She was never thrilled with him pursuing baseball as a living but he’s done well with it thus far. He was on with the letter again and saying that - they were they were discussing what would happen to him as a player and he was saying that he would be most likely drafted and that the letter was saying that it’s pretty much as good as a done deal and that he would be drafted by a major league team. The sister was concerned because she was thinking like draft - like you don’t have a choice, like a military draft? Like they did back during some of the wars. She was thinking he didn’t have a choice like if he doesn’t want to go to that team. He pretty much shot down that notion saying that they can do as they please. Let them do their worst and that he looked forward to going to a major league team because he wanted more money and hopefully fame. 
Then they had a conversation about the second letter at which point he said he will soothe her curiosity and open the second letter which was from Mabel, I think it was. It was about them saying that they were coming there to visit the town they were in. So he decided to go down to the train station and also the sister said – I’m paraphrasing but, “I find it hard to believe that you forgot her handwriting that quick,” because he was trying to say “Oh, it’s probably one of my many fans or admirers.” So when he did open the letter, it was from Mabel. So he decided to go down to the train station, which he asked Clara if she wanted to go and she said “No, not in this storm.” So he went down. When he got there, the train station – it was still snowing badly and someone there told him that the train that Clara was on - not Clara, I’m sorry - Mabel was on, had been snowed in and it was stuck because of snow. 
That is all that I remember. I think I covered everything pretty good, So, with that, I will say 