The story opens with a young man and his name is Joe. He’s in his room with his sister Clara. The young man makes a loud exclamation of Great Scott, something to that effect, he’s shocked by his letter. His sister asks him, “What is the problem? What’s the concern here?” Why does he have such a reaction? The man in disbelief, he looks out his window. Joe tells his sister that a major national team, a baseball team from St. Louis is interested in him. He currently plays for a minor league team, the Pitons, I believe was the name and he is surprised that he’ll have to leave his team and move to a big national team, but he’s excited of the prospect because it could mean a lot more money and fame, recognition and opportunities. His sister cannot believe it as well. They ponder over this as it snows in their city. He says - Joe says that his arm will bring them more money and he’s excited. As he’s talking about his arm, the mother, Mrs. Matson comes into the room. She has a pitcher of water. She wants to water the plants. Joe doesn’t realize that the mom is there with the pitcher of water. He is pantomiming. He is pretending to pitch. He is moving his arm in a pitching motion and in doing so he accidentally hits the water jug and it falls to the floor and it crushes and breaks. They’re in a bit of disbelief and shock. They get their wits together and Joe gets a mop and sucks up all the water. The mom wants to know [Laughter] if Joe’s hand is okay. Joe claims his hand is fine. Mrs. Matson, the mom, wants to know why Joe was doing arm movement or she called the gymnastics. Joe says that he was doing that because he’s pitching and he received an offer, received a notice about being traded to the St. Louis Cardinals, this major national team, that he’s being drafted.
The mom, Mrs. Matson, is in disbelief. She compares this to the military and war and being drafted. This is when Joe explains to her how organized baseball is and the process that goes along with it. That he’s under contract to the Pitons, this minor league team and with that contract, he’s not allowed to play for any other team,. He can only be called up by a national team and if they call for him and his minor team has to ask him and let him move on up to this national team. Then, he told his mom how excited he is at the opportunity. Joe tells his mom that this will be wonderful opportunity and it can bring, again, more money and more fame, and hopefully, even elevate his profile where he can possibly play for other national teams like the New York Giants or San Francisco. So, he’s hoping that this will be fruitful and be a springboard for other high-profile opportunities, and he looks forward to the idea. Also, the second letter which his sister, Clara, keeps teasing him about, it’s from a lady friend. I forgot her name, I do apologize. Arabel, perhaps is her name. Joe’s lady friend says that she’s coming to town to visit with her brother on the train today. Hopefully, they can stop by for today and meet up and spend time before they go on their way. Joe is very happy at the prospect as he’s really fond of this girl and he looks out the window and can’t believe how snowy it is. He says he’s going to rush to the train station to meet this young lady and her brother. He carries both the letters which he holds very dearly with him. He goes to the train station excited at the notion of playing for St. Louis. He meets somebody at the train station. He inquires about the train and his friend. He is told that it will be at a certain platform. He’s waiting when he’s notified that the train won’t arrive today. It might not even arrive for several days. This train is stuck due to, I believe, bad, snowy winter storm. He is in disbelief. He says that he has two very important friends coming on this train and he needs to meet them. He wonders what he can do to help.          