The story starts out with the main character, Joe, talking to his sister about becoming a pro baseball player. He shows his arm by throwing, I don’t know if it’s a ball, I can’t remember but he threw something out of a water jug and it splats everywhere but he hits it. That gets the attention of his mom. They start talking and then Joe ends up opening a letter in front of his mom and sister from a professional baseball team. It says that they’re looking to draft him and his mom is like, “Well, would you want to get drafted by a team that’s closer to us?” and “I don’t know if I would because I’d rather get paid more by this better team.” Later on, in the story, his sister doubted if he’s old enough or capable enough just to be on a pro team. After that, he gets a letter from his friend and say that they’re arriving by the train that he has to get on the train station to meet them. When he gets to the train station, the operators or the train clerks telling that their train is not going to make it today. He says, “No, but my friends are on that train.” What’s happened? In the story, it was snowing, I believe and it wasn’t quite baseball season, but he’s still talking about practicing for baseball. [Pause] It’s kind of a long story that I feel like it didn’t really go into too much detail about other than playing baseball and how he felt about playing baseball. [Pause] They get a letter from one of the coaches saying that he would feel sorry if he missed out on getting him on his team. Joe thought like, “Yes. He would be missing out if he didn’t get me.” [Pause] What else? [Pause] Joe’s sister, Clara, was really proud of him. He makes her believe that he was going to play for a pro team until he proved it to her. [Pause] I’m pretty sure it was cut off before he found out more about his friends coming into town, curious what was going to happen there, quite late because of the snow. The train station said the train won’t be in for, at least, a couple of more days. [Pause] I don’t know what I can really think of anymore.        