Joe is on a baseball team. Him and his young sister were in, I believe, their kitchen. Joe was opening letters, some of them from the baseball team. Worried, his sister asked him if he had lost. Maybe, perhaps he wouldn’t have a job anymore. Maybe he wasn’t even in the team and he was being informed. Joe said it wasn’t bad news. As he was opening his letter, she looked out the window of the kitchen and saw all the snow falling. He told his sister it was actually about next season and that he was hoping he would make more money, and he said he needs it, but he had a second letter from another team. Maybe he would get redrafted, he can make even more money.
Since he was going to be practicing, he thought he’d show off for his sister a little bit. He started swinging his arms just as his mom came into the kitchen. She’s carrying a big jug of water. As Joe was swinging his arms, he knocked the jug out of her hand and it spilled all over the floor. Shocked, his mother asked him, what was he doing all this for? Why was he swinging his arms? And they explained to her he may be drafted to a new team next season. He heard and he put all the letters in his pockets, and he asked one of them to get a mop to clean the mess he had just created up.
His mom continued to ask him questions. Why was he flailing his arms? “Why couldn’t you be more careful?” He had to explain to her every last bit about the new season, everything that was coming out lately. But he had another letter, actually, from one of his relatives. They were coming into town soon just in time for the new games for next season. He thought he should go to his room and start recalling some of his lines for next year, batting averages, make sure he was up to shape, and what he was expected to be doing next year. In the second letter, he learned that his relatives were coming to town. It wasn’t from another baseball team, some dear people he had known. He invited his sister out to go with him to the train station as they were coming into town soon to go pick them up, he said. His sister told him no, she didn’t want to go to the train station with him.
When Joe did arrive at the train station, one of the conductors stopped him, telling him the bad news. Joe wondered, was it a wreck? Had something gone terribly wrong, thinking his relatives may be hurt? But no. Actually, one of the trains were completely snowed in, and he had to ask if he should be able to do anything about that, or should he return to the train station once more once the trains resumed?
That’s the end of the story. I’m done.