Okay, so this story starts with two characters, a brother and a sister. The brother’s named Joe and the sister is named Clara, and it begins with them both reading letters that they received in the mail. Joe is reading, but there's a little bit of suspense to what the subject of his letter is about, but eventually, he comes to tell his sister that the letter is about – well, before that, he goes on and on about the letter without revealing what the letter is about, but he basically starts to suggest that his career as a baseball player with The Pits or whatever his team is called – with them may be coming to end soon, and then his mother, Mrs. Madison, I believe enters the room and she – Joe knocks her water on the ground and breaks her water pitcher, but she’s pretty kind about it, but then he reveals to both his mother and sister that he’s basically – there’s a potential of him being drafted to St. Louis baseball team and it’s an opportunity that he’s considering because it pays well and it will get him a path to fame faster and more likely because it’s major league baseball compared to his current team which is like a minor team.
Oh yes, it was also revealed to be a snowy day and I believe the sister, Clara, mentioned something about the family or the father having debt, presumably a deceased father, something about a business. I’m not sure, I might’ve made that up, but anyway, then Clara’s interested about the second letter that Joe receives, and it’s a letter with feminine handwriting and so we get the indication or the implication that it’s from someone who has romantic feelings for Joe and vice-versa. So then Joe finally reads that letter and he learns that his friends, people he was close to – was it Mabel and Reggie? I don’t know if those are their names, but those are siblings who are also friends who are planning to visit, or they’re on vacation or something and they’re planning to visit Joe in town, and so they’re going to catch the train and arrive in the afternoon, henceforth the letter being their announcement.
Joe wants to see both of them, Mabel and Reggie, because those are his people, and Clara has not met these people, but she declines Joe’s offer to accompany him to the station to meet them and greet them. Reggie and Mabel will be staying at a hotel or a motel ran by one of their friends or something like that, but anyway, Joe goes to visit or goes to the train station, doesn’t get any information because the snowstorm has all the trains delayed, so then he comes back later and then that’s when the train station person worker tells Joe that he might as well go home, more or less, because the train’s not going to be arriving anytime soon for a couple of days is his estimate, and Joe assumes the worse; he thinks that something terrible has happened to the train, like a wreck, but in actuality, what happens is the train gets snowed in at some junction about five miles out of town, and Joe wonders if there’s anything he can do to help them.