The story starts as brother and sister Joe and Clara were sitting in a room reading the mail that they had just received that day. Joe was very surprised; his sister Clara begins to ask him why and he tells her that he's got a letter from his minor league baseball team. He plays baseball for a minor league team. He's received a letter from them, from someone by the name of Mr. Gregory. Mr. Gregory is telling that the St. Louis Nationals want him on their team, that they are considering or were planning on drafting him. During this time, his mother walks in and she's holding a pitcher. His sister asked him what he's talking about, and he swings his arm and he says, “Hey, this pitcher arm is going to be put to use.” He swings his arm; he hits a pitcher that his mother is carrying and it crashes and breaks. Then he begins to tell them more about the letter after he’s cleaned the mess up and he’s saying that he looks like he’s going to make more money. He's probably going to get called up from the minor league to the national league, the St. Louis Nationals, and obviously, playing for the major league team would be a lot more money than the minor league team. When he mentioned about being drafted, his mom didn't understand. The only draft she was aware of was the military draft, or the only when she was familiar with. She at first was concerned that her son was going to have to go somewhere that he didn't want to go and explained to her how the system works, the major leagues, how this was his lifelong dream and it might not be the team they wanted, but once he got there, if he had a good showing, if he played well then he would be able to go to other teams, New York or Philadelphia or wherever, but that this was the break that he had been looking for and needing. He also had another letter from a girl that he claimed was just one of his admirers. Mabel knew differently; she recognized the handwriting. Joe told her that Mabel - the girl was - the letter was from one of his girlfriends named Mabel, and that Mabel and her brother were coming to town to visit him that day in fact even though that there was a blizzard that was coming down right then. He asked his sister if she wanted to go with him to the station to meet them and she didn't want to. She didn’t want to go. He heads on down to the train depot, walking through the snow to meet them. When he got there, they told him that it was - all the trains were late and I was going to be a while before they knew. Later on that evening as he was coming back, the stationmaster saw him and told him that he was not going to have any luck that day, told him that the train was snowed in a few miles away and was not going to be there that day. It could be several days because it was snowed in. I think it said roughly five miles away. Yes. He was very concerned and he was wondering what he could do to help speed it up and if there was anything he could do and the stationmaster asked him why and he told him that he had friends on board the train and that he was expecting them to be there that day. Yes, that's about all that I recall. He was very upset that the trains were late, especially when he heard that they were snowed in. I'm sure he was worried. Did they even have food and all that? Do they have heat? Is it going to be able to be taken care of? Anyway, I'm done. 