Okay. In this story, we have someone named Joe. Sounds like someone who's maybe college-aged. He's a young guy, and in his house with his sister, he is kind of goofing around a little bit. He's practicing his swing; he's a baseball player and his parents - I'm sorry. His sister isn't really aware that he is apparently getting some offers from major league teams for him to join. He gets a letter from the St. Louis Cardinals, for example, but while he's talking to his sister, talking about baseball, how his talents at baseball can bring in money, can become a career for him potentially even to the point of supporting his family, he's goofing around. He's practicing his pitching abilities in the house, and that's when his mother comes in and she was carrying a pitcher of water. As he's messing around, of course, he hits the pitcher, knocks coffee - or not coffee - water onto the floor. His mother is not angry. She kind of just says, “Joe, it's fine. It's typical of you, but I think this might have ruined my carpet.” Then he talks to his sister and his mother about getting these offers from these major league teams, calls it a draft and that kind of makes them think for a second that he's being drafted into the military or something like that, but that's not the case. It's more of a voluntary thing, so you don't have to do it if you don't want to. Apparently, he was selected. He's thinking about the St. Louis Cardinals. The offer letter from them is in his pocket when he decides to go down to the train station where some of his friends are scheduled to arrive. All the while in the background, at the house and in town, it's been snowing and it sounds like it's been snowing pretty heavily to the point of a decent snow storm or blizzard or something like that. He goes down to the train station hoping to see his friends here shortly who are coming in on a train. He goes to the window, talks to not the conductor but basically an employee who works at the train station to get a status update, and the gentleman basically says it's not - the train hasn't wrecked, but it's almost as bad as a wreck. The train has stalled on the tracks and it’s getting snowed in. The people on the train are stuck, and Joe, of course, exclaims and he cries out and he says, “I have my friends on that train. I need to go get them. What can I do? We need to go get them now.” The gentleman there says that there's basically nothing you can do at this moment. I want to say that is the last part I remember, so  