The story is about a male and female character starting off in their home. They had both received some letter correspondence. The brother is named Joe and the sister’s name is Clara. While Clara is reading hers, she turned her attention to her brother, Joe’s interest and surprise to a letter that he has received. This letter he receives is in regard to his position at a regional baseball team that he recently won the pennant in, but it is from his team manager discussing the news that he has been propositioned by a Major League team to be able to be scouted and possibly be traded, drafted by a Major League team.
This moves forward with his ability to talk about his excitement being a pitcher and with that, he winds up and starts to mimic a pitching sequence. At that exact moment, his mother walks in with a glass watering jug to water some plants by the window and ends up knocking the glass out of her mom's hand, breaking it, and spilling water all over the carpet to her mom's shock and screech along with his sister being startled. It all is cleaned up by his brother moments later. His mom, Joe's mom, becomes more interested in what all the fuss is about in the letter he received and begins to explain that he has the news that he will be brought to the possibility of being drafted by another team. The word drafted worries his mother as that seems more of a military term to force somebody to the front lines of battle, but he explains that this is a good thing because it can allow him to make more money and the possibility to play at a Major League team and a better team.
Then his sister reminds him that she had seen another letter in a woman's handwriting that he had not informed what the contents were, and he reveals that it is by one of his admirers, and his sister replies with, “How could you not remember that person's writing, especially, so soon,” and it has to do with a girl that is fond of Joe. This letter by this admirer speaks about her ability to come and visit because she will be arriving by train shortly with her brothers. This arrival, unfortunately, is deterred by a storm that when he goes to meet them down at the station, someone at the station has let him know that something has happened because of the winter blizzard, that the arrival of his hopeful train has been delayed by several days.