Joe Matson is sitting in the living room with his sister, Clara. Either the mail arrives or they’re reading old mail. Joe makes note of a particular interest in one letter. There's some sort of mention about interest in his father's business. It's not clear about that reference. His sister continues to inquire further about the letter. Joe hints on that, “I have good news.” He’s got bright prospects for his future baseball career. He continues talking to his sister. He makes a comment in response to her characterization of the sport. I forgot the exact phrasing, but she makes a reference when she responds that – you know, some sort of a slang or an unofficial terminology used to reference the ballplayers. They continue talking. He makes, I guess, a pitching gesture. This is also when he first reveals that, I guess, the position he is enlisted at is a pitcher for the Pittstons, but as he’s making the pitching gesture, I believe like a warm-up motion, his mother Ms. Matson, she walks into the door with a water pitcher. The water pitcher was intended to water I guess plants in some sort of a square plant depot in the window. His sister recognizes the impending collision, but she is unable to make Joe aware. Joe continues to follow through with the pitching motion, and he collides with his mother as she comes to the door. I believe the pitcher fell. Water spilled as it shouldn’t. His mother, I don’t believe she’s upset, but she makes some sort of comment about the gymnastics. She references his athletic prowess as gymnastics. See, I think at that point, he retrieves the letter, but he also identifies a secondary letter from Ms. Mabel - or the letter was not identified by the recipient at this point yet, but it was noted that he grabbed the letter and attempted to withhold the return address, sort of to send the information from his sister. At this point, he goes into detail about the basic operations, the basic concept behind the baseball draft in his particular position as a – appears to be like a minor league player, the Pittstons. Joe indicates that he’s obligated to continue with his contract with the current team, but there are I guess extenuating circumstances in his contract that require his movements in the situation of a major league team choosing to I guess recruit from a lower league. That is I guess the primary way that he is able to get out of his contract with his current team. He makes note that the letter that he was initially surprised with or excited about was from his previous coach named George, seems he’s writing on behalf of the St. Louis Nationals, St. Louis Cardinals, one of those teams. [Pause] I think that's about it for the baseball at that point. He hints that he will tell his sister about the second letter. At this point, he reveals that it’s from a Mabel Valerie - Mabel Valor or something. He says she's supposed to be arriving by train I guess with her brother as well, Jeremy. The brother Jeremy has business in town. He makes some mention that he's glad to see her, but then his sister Clara counters with, “Why are you glad to see her? Why are you glad to see the brother whence the sister that you should be glad to see?” At this point, it also makes note of Joe’s, he said, like a straight white line of teeth, like commented I guess on the consistency of the brightness of his teeth and the well-conditioned of his dental activity or he had good teeth in summary. He indicates that he is going to go to the train station to receive Mabel when she arrives. As he gets there, the train attendant, or some sort of a concierge, informs him that the train will not be arriving today. The snowstorm seems to have stranded it 5 miles outside of town and it should not be expected for several days. I believe Joe then – no, Joe initially has flashes about, because he is not aware of the exact cause of the nature of the delay and he worries that some sort of a accident or some harm may have fallen to his friends, that when he finds out it's simple, I guess the snow piling up on the tracks that was the cause of the delay, he was somewhat more relieved. I believe at this point, he starts exploring ways to I guess help retrieve his stranded friends or to remedy this situation with his abilities. See, it was also noted that as if it was winter. So, they made note of it being in the off-season, assuming the seasons are still this current – January, possibly December. It was also his mother made comments that he’s practicing this early in the season. So, it was possible that baseball season had already started, which will put it somewhere down in March or April. I'm not too familiar with the weather as far as winter and how likely it is to still snow at that point. 