Okay. So, the story starts with a man I think named Joe Matson. He’s got a letter. He’s there in the house with his sister, Clara. He opens the letter and reads it. Clara asked if it was from their father, I believe. He said it was no, but he looks puzzled, but he doesn't say anything to her exactly what's in the letter until finally, while he stares out into the snow, which she says was - he looked out without registering a lot of snow falling outside, and he says that the – let’s see, okay. First thing he says was, “I didn’t think I'd be leaving the team so soon, especially not after just winning the pennant.” She asked. Clara says, “Why would they? Are they getting rid of you, or are they cutting you from the team? I’m surprised after you pitched so well.” He said, “No, not exactly,” but that he had an opportunity to make money. She asked him how - who is going to pay him money or who’s going to give him money? He said no one’s going to give it to him, but he was going to earn it by pitching. So, he winds up his arm like he's going to pitch and pretends to pitch an imaginary pitch, but as he's doing that, Clara yells, “Joe, watch out,” but as he does that, Mrs. Matson, I guess is his mother, their mother, was walking in with a pitcher full of water to water the plants. He struck the pitcher, struck the water pitcher and knocked it over, spilling water all over the carpet and breaking the pitcher into several pieces. Clara and Mrs. Matson both kind of yelled out or screamed at first, but then there was a great silence for a few minutes, until Mrs. Matson asked why he was practicing gymnastics that early. I guess during that incident, there was a letter that got - fallen into the ground. It was unopened. Joe picked it up. Then it says like a little later, Joe gathered up whatever he used to dry up the floor, because earlier, Ms. Matson said, “Oh, my carpet, it's ruined.” He did that. So, I guess they're all sitting around and talking. So, he finally tells her about the letter or to both of them. I think - Ms. Matson’s still there or not? I’m not so sure about that, but at least Clara's there. He's telling her that, basically, the manager of the Pittstons Central League team, which I take it as like a minor league team had received word that they were going to - he's going to be drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals, which was a major league team. Yes, Ms. Matson had said – I guess she was there – that she was surprised he’s being drafted, because it reminded her of the war, where they would go to the front. She said – she asked if you would have any choice in the matter, and he explained that when he signed his contract with the Central League Pittstons, that they agreed that he would only be able to play for them unless he would be able to pay for another team, unless give him permission, and they released him, but then as a small league team, that if a major league team wanted him, that he would have to go. He said he would gladly would, because it would be more money, and they’d transfer him to pitch in the majors, which would give him more fame and recognition. So, he talks a little bit more about how if the - you have to work the harder. You’ll have to compete against the other pitchers on the team, but then you’d make more money, and then also, the advantage would be that like other better teams. I don’t recall. I think he’s on the New York Giants and the Philadelphia-something - would be able to – or be possibly interested in trading for him or signing him, whatever. So, with that kind of being done, then Clara asks Joe about the other letter that wasn’t open that he’d been bringing. I guess she said, “That is a girl’s handwriting.” He said that it was a fan, one of his many fans or something like that, but he didn't know which one it was until he opened it. He said, “In order to satisfy your curiosity, Clara, I will open it right now.” He opened it. So, it was from Mabel Barley. I think so. What was that, Barley? Clara quipped that he probably already knew - he saw the handwriting - who it had been beforehand. The letter said that her and I believe it was her brother, Reggie, were going to be coming to town, their town, and wanted to try to visit the – I can’t recall why Reggie had a reason to go there - but so that they would be at the train station. They were coming on a train. They said they were coming on that day. So, Joe decided to go into town or go to wherever the train station was, to find out when they would be coming. This is where the snow – he didn’t think it was going to be on time, but he went in and wasn’t able to get any real information as to the train status, of when they were going to be getting in. So, he went home and then later on, when the train was supposed to be there, he talked to the guy who worked at the train station, who told him that he shouldn’t bother coming in, because the train was not going to be getting in. In fact, it wasn’t going to be getting in at all that day. It might not be for several days. So, Joe kind of asked, “Why? Was there an accident?” Just imagine that he has friends who were on the train, would worry about them. So, he said, “No, not quite,” but he said, “It's just as bad that the train was stalled, but it was due to the snowstorm.” He said it was buried 5 feet – what did he say – five miles up. So, Joe wondered what he could do to help to get them out of the situation, whatever. I believe that was the end of the story. 