The speaker is telling a story about a scene with the McAlister's stuff. I forgot the family name. It’s between Joe, the main character. Clara, his sister and his mother which isn't named, just Mrs. McAllister, I believe it is. Anyways, Joe is a pitcher for the Pittston Central team. He's a pretty good pitcher. His sister believes so, at least. His sister is a big fan of baseball as well as everyone else in the family, it seems. The story starts off telling about how Joe has two letters. The first letter that this story tells about is a letter from Mr. Gregory which is the Pittston, the team that Joe’s currently on. He's the manager on that team. He is in negotiations with the St. Louis Nationals to negotiate a contract because the Nationals are interested in drafting Joe. He's not super elated about it. He is happy that it's a major league team but it's not necessarily the team that he would like to be on which he states as the Giants and – I can't recall the other team. He is happy that it is a major league team because he could use it as a steppingstone. The story continues. 
Well, before that, before he reads the letter, Joe and Clara are talking. I don't recall exactly what the conversation is. I believe it's just the fact that he's received the letters. The mother enters the scene carrying a water jug and Joe, at the time that she's entering, is practicing his swing or practicing, he’s throwing his arm. The mother comes in with the water jug Joe smacks it in and it goes flying across the room, spills all over the carpet and the mother's concerned with damage to the carpet. Then the scene continues and like I stated, the letters from Mr. Gregory, the manager, he's – I believe I already said he's currently on the Pittston Central team. The next letter is from - I believe, it was a cousin who's on the Orient Express coming to visit the family. The train gets snowed in and family recalls exactly – or states their concern for the cousin, I believe it was. Let's see. What else do I recall? I think it was the Giants, the other team that’s getting drafted or that they’re in negotiations for is the St. Louis Nationals. That's all I recall. 