Joe and his sister Clara are looking out at the snow wondering when it will stop. He has two letters his hands and he's being vague about leaving the Central Baseball League. Clara was like, "Are they letting you go? What's going on?" He's like, "Well, not exactly, but I still have to go soon. This pitching arm of mine might bringing many more money," or something like that. His mother comes in with a jug of water intending to water the flowerbed. Joe does a swing or extends his hands outwards and knocks the jug over by accident over the floor. His mom's like, "Well, I'm sure glad I didn't bring the nice jug, and also my carpet is going to be ruined." Clara goes on about how Joe is now leaving the Central Baseball League, and his mother was intrigued now and Joe repeats about how his pitching arm is going to make more money, and then picks up the two letters to dropped in the ground, one of them being written in a girly handwriting. Clara pokes fun at Joe for it and asks about it. Joe ignores her or brushes her off and then explains that the St. Louis Cardinals wants to take him out of Pittston, and then he used the word draft and his mom compares it to the military draft and says, "Well, if you want to stay, can't you stay?" Joe says something like, "I haven't been really long enough in the system in order to have that negative of an opinion and so I just think that I want to say about it." Then, he basically goes on about the intricacies of the system and how people in - because Pittston is a smaller team, the St. Louis Cardinals or any MBL team want to take him, they have like the right or the – so, Joe sees this an opportunity to move up, and then he is about to leave and Clara asked for the letter again. He was like, "Okay, I'll open it to satisfy your curiosity," with a penknife or some sort. He opens a slit, takes it out. It's about Mabel who seems to be one of Joe's old friends or flings, and then Joe reads the letter. It's about how Mabel and her brother are coming to the town today in the train, but Clara and Joe were worried about the snow. He takes his two letters to go ask the stationmaster when the train will be in given the snow. On the way, he's contemplating about these two good things that are happening to him, one being Mabel who he is interested in, and the other being the MLB request. Then the stationmaster says he is unsure about when we train will be in given the snow, and then Joe later comes back and the stationmaster says, "It's actually stranded five miles away because of the snow. They can't get out," and then Joe is contemplating about what he could do to help the friend. I'm done.