Okay. Well, the story starts off with Joe and Claire in their home. The narration mentioned something about like snow falling. Joe is looking at the mail and he is being very vague with Claire. He’s like reacting to the letter he’s reading and he’s like saying he didn’t think he would leave - I forgot the name - the original baseball team so soon and he’s also saying, I don’t know if you’ll be able to make a bit more money with his pitching arm or no, if you – he’ll be able to make a bit more money and then he’s like using his arm, so pretends to pitch and then his mom walks with a glass pitcher filled of water that she planned to water the – some flowers with. She walks in as Joe was pretending to pitch his arm and he whacks the pitcher across – he whacks the pitcher, it flies and shatters on the carpet. 
The how everyone - mom and Claire let out like a scream, something along the line, and then Joe was just like pretty proud of himself and saying, “And that’s the strike out,” or something. Then the mom was like, “Oh.” No one’s upset about it. She’s like, “What are you doing practicing this early?” He’s like, “I…” - I forgot what he said. The mom mentioned something with the carpet getting – the carpet is going to ruined and then Claire is like, “You should – you should grab the mop while you’re at it.” Basically, Joe, started explaining about the letter he read first now. So basically he starts explaining Gregory, I think, was like his manager or something along those lines and he was saying how Gregory said that he won’t be – he’s too good to discussing or negotiating Joe joining a major league team and Joe says it’s pretty likely actually. Or yes, Gregory says it’s like pretty likely but it’s still in the process of it, so he’s going to go to Major League team. Claire is a big fan of baseball, apparently. She’s like, “Whoa. Wow, you’re going to join the Major League team?” 
Then yes, he’s like, “Yes, I’ll make some good money with my throwing arm.” The mom was like, “Oh, wow. I don’t really prefer you doing baseball as a career but hey, you seem to be doing a good job at it. So kudos to you, right? That’s all a man can do, like put your best, put all your effort into something.” So he was pretty happy with himself. 
I think the terms of him being signed in his original team was that they would just do whatever with him as long as he – wait, yes, as long as he - as long as he keeps playing baseball. Yes, and then the mom mentioned something, “Oh, I’m getting drafted.” I think this was before, actually but yes, mom’s like, “You’re getting drafted. That sounds like war.” And then that’s what he explains how the contract works, I’m assuming. I forgot the name of the Major League baseball team but yes, and then he was excited about that, and then he said, “What?” He’s walking away and Claire is like, “Hey, what’s that? Another letter for you.” Because there’s a girl handwriting on the letter and he said, “Oh, it’s just one of my admirers.” And then he said, “You know, I’ll open it now so we can see.” So it’s from this girl that he fancies, I suppose, and the girl is saying that her and her brother were coming along for that for some business trip, taking the train and then Joe’s like, “Oh, I actually will go meet them at the subway station, the train station.” He was like, “Hey, Claire, do you want to come?” Claire was like, “No, not in this blizzard.” Because then they talked about the weather. Oh, yes, Joe says, “Oh, the train’s going to be delayed in this weather, probably, because there’s like a blizzard going on.” And they looked outside and like, wow, it’s only getting worse and the train’s likely to be delayed. 
So Claire doesn’t go. Joe goes to the train station. He doesn’t get a very satisfactory answer from the main dude because the guy just tells him – like the worker there tells him, “There’s no way we’ll know. We can’t know in this blizzard and then come back in the afternoon.” So Joe comes back in the afternoon, I think, and then gets some unsatisfactory news saying the train – the worker tells him that the train his crush girl is on is five miles up and stuck in the snow and just trapped there and he’s like, “Oh, no, that’s not good. I know people in that train.” Yes, I think it ends there.  