So, the story started off with a brother and a sister, Joe and Clara. So, Joe and Clara were just sitting, and Joe had two letters, one which he opened, and one that was closed. It was snowing outside and Joe was reading the first open letter, and Clara, who was curious – Clara is the younger sister, Joe is her older brother. Clara was like, “Oh, Joe what is it? What is it about? Is it from our father? Is something going on with his business?” And then Joe was like, “No.” He was being a little weird at first, not really telling her what it was about, but he was basically just like - he didn't specify, and then Clara mentioned if it had to do with baseball, and Joe was surprised and was like, “Oh, Clara, you’re using slang.” And then Clara was like, “No, girls actually talk about baseball.” He was surprised that she knew about it. Basically, he still didn't tell Clara what it was about, but we find out that Joe is in a baseball team in – for Pitt – in Pittston? He is the pitcher. Basically, he read the letter and then he practiced like this. He did this pitching movement and while he was doing that, their mother came in, and their mother was holding a jug of water. The ball hit the jug, and the jug broke into pieces and wet the floor, so the carpet became wet. The mom came in and she was a little confused. They were all startled. Clara and the mother screamed, and Joe was like, “Oh, I'm sorry.” And then they cleaned up the carpet, and then the mother also asked. Clara mentioned the letters, and the mother was like, “Oh, what was it about?” They mentioned something about a wedding. I don't remember too much, or I think I missed details about it, but Joe went on about the letter that he read. He eventually told Clara and his mother that he was offered a pitching position in a Major League baseball team in St. Louis, and he was like, “Yes, mom, it’s like a drafting letter.” And the mom at first was like, “Oh, it sounds like when men were drafted in the war.” Clara seem to be very impressed. Clara was like, “Oh, you've been asked to join a Major League baseball team.” But the mother was a little skeptical at first. But Joe was like, “Yes, it's a major league baseball team. I'm going to have to do…” – he was like, “I’m going to have to compare…” - like how he has to do compared to the baseball team he is in now. Eventually, his mother was convinced that it was the right decision to join the St. Louis team, and he talks about financial reasons and stuff like that. And then Clara asked about the unopened letter and about what it was going to be about, and he opened the unopened letter in front of Clara and his mother, and turns out it was from Mabel. I'm going to assume that Mabel is one of the girls that he has talked to or something because Clara was like, “Yes, of course, you wouldn’t forget her handwriting.” And then he reads it and finds out that Mabel and her brother are visiting but they were worried about the travel because it seemed like a blizzard was going to approach. So, I think I am definitely missing a few details, but Joe - they end up going to the train station and then actually seeing Mabel and the brother there, but I don't remember too much after that. So yes, 