So, at the start, Joe receives two letters and he opens them. His sister asks what the letters are for and what they say. He opens the first letter and Mabel, his sister, thinks that it might be from a guy about business, something that will make him want to quit baseball. He’s like. “Yes, I’m going to have to stop playing baseball for whatever reason but it’s not what you think.” He looks out and it’s like snowing outside. Then, he turns to his sister and he tells her how he has just been drafted to the Saint Louis Nationals, a major league baseball team, and so he’ll have to leave his hometown team in the central baseball league.
As he’s telling his sister the story, he - or as he’s telling his sister that he’s about to get drafted, he swings his arm like a baseball bat and he knocks this pot out of his sister’s hand - or out of his mom’s hand and it breaks on the floor and water gets on the carpet. His mom is like, “You ruined my carpet. At least I didn’t bring out the good water jug,” or whatever, “But is your hand okay?” He was like, “Yes, my hand’s fine.” Whatever. He tells his mom about how he got drafted to the Saint Louis Nationals and then he says, “The team’s not super good but it’s pretty good and I’ll have a good chance to showcase my pitching, and hopefully get drafted by Philadelphia, the Philadelphia Athletics or the New York Giants.”
So, he and his mom and his sister all go back and forth, they have this conversation. They’re like, “We’re so proud of you but we’re also sad that you have to leave X, Y, Z.” He’s like, “Yes, hopefully, everything works out.” His mom’s like, “The draft, that sounds like some sort of military thing. I can’t believe that you have to play - you get forced to go.” He says, “Well, you know, this is a much better opportunity for me because I can make a lot more money and I’ll be on a bigger stage and I could potentially become famous. So, even though I’m pretty much demanded to go to Missouri, I think this is going to be a really good opportunity for me so I’m still going to go.”
Basically, they just have that discussion and then after that, he has another letter too. This letter is from this girl, Mabel, I think that he has a crush on. Mabel tells him, “I’m coming to visit into town with my brother. We’re going to be on the train,” the whatever Express, and as a matter of fact, they’re going to arrive into the city on that day when he opened the letter. He’s like, he tells his sister, “I have to go down to the station and pick them up. That’ll be great. I want to see this girl and some of my good friends,” or whatever.
He asked his sister, “Do you want to come with me to the station?” She’s like, “No, it’s too much snow, too cold, but have fun.” So, he leaves the house and once he leaves the house, he goes to the station. While he’s walking towards the station, he’s thinking about this girl and he’s also thinking about the fact that he’s going to go play in the major leagues and he got drafted and it’s just like a big deal and it’s pretty crazy to him.
Once he gets to the train station, he shows up and there’s a lot of snow, and so he’s like, “Hopefully, they make it here on time. There’s a big snowstorm, yada, yada, yada.” Then, he talks to the guy at the station and he says, “You know, as a matter of fact, that express train got snowed in in some other place, so they’re not going to make it here today. They might not even make it here in the next few days.” He was like, “Damn, what am I going to do, tell my friends?” He basically just has to figure out exactly what he’s going to do, how he’s going to help them.
I kind of think going back what else have been. I think that’s it.