Joe gets a letter from – Joseph reacts to the look of surprise on his face which feels like an exclamation when he gets the letter, when he reads the letter which he doesn’t know the contents of it yet. She presumes that the look of surprise and her not being able to tell what that means would mean that he is being let go from his position as a pitcher at the baseball team that he plays at. However, he does confirm her fears, and she starts saying things about it and it’s sort of – and he tells her not to – speaking slangs. However, it turns out that he is being let go of his position, thus because he has gotten a letter from the St. Louis Nationals to pitch for them in the minor leagues, and that this could mean a huge break for him. He throws around his pitching arm as if to say that this is the money-maker sort of in his household and this is going to be the thing that changes their destiny. He ends up sort of feeling overjoyed and sees the career path that could be established ahead of him. However, his mom is not – although happy for him, is not extremely happy about him choosing baseball as a career. Then they suddenly realized that there’s actually two letters that they’re holding. When his sister asks what’s about the second letter, he just casually mentions it must be from one of his admirers. He won’t know which one until he actually opens the letter, and when he opens the letter, he hears the bell ring, the doorbell ring, and that’s when he reads the letter and turns out that people are visiting through their town and were stopping by for a day, although I don’t remember exactly who it was. His mother gets sort of angry at him when she finds out that he didn’t find to tell her this sooner. His mother also talks about the fact that how lucky he is that he gets to do all of this while people back in her day, people were not worried about the baseball draft but instead military draft when they randomly - your birthdate would be called and you have to now serve. This would mean that it…  He’s been put in a very fortunate position and he should be very careful about what he’s doing.   Joe also mentions the Philly Nationals and New York Giants as possibilities of his career could end up if he does well with the St. Louis. Even though he signed a contract with his current team, knowing full well what he was doing, it did mean that he – they would be without a pitcher if they do let him go, there’s a possibility they might not let him go, and so that is still something to be figured out. I’m done. 