The story starts with a boy called Joe Matson writing. He opens up a letter which his sister, Clara - “What’s in the letter you’re reading?” Joe responds quite snarkily a couple of times with very vague information about “I’m just going to get more money this year,” and then he looks outside to see it started to snow. He returns back to the conversation with Clara. She asks him again, “What does this mean? What does this letter mean? What’s it all about?” He says, “I’m going to make some good money this year, hopefully.” She says, “Well, how are you going to do that?” Actually, first, he alluded to the fact that he would be taken out of the central baseball league, to which Clara assumes he’s going to get removed from the team, to which Joe replies he’s actually going to be put into one of the major league teams. This probably happened later, but he says that he’s going to lose his position at the small team that he’s at whose name escapes me. He will have to go pitch for the Louisville – no, Nashville Nationals maybe. Then he proceeds to laugh at Clara’s use of the word “sports” because sports was considered slang to him. Then he tries to demonstrate his pitching arm and he swings his arm around, knocking over the jug of water their mom was bringing in onto the floor. She was actually going to bring in the water to water the flowers. He knocks it over. It shatters onto the carpet. Their mom exclaims, “My carpet is ruined. Joe, is your hand hurt?” Joe says, “No,” but he picks up another letter that remains unopened at the time of him picking it up, obviously. His mom and his sister ask what that letter is about. Joe first said, when he picked up the letter, he’s going to save you a wedding, I assume to his mom. Then he doesn’t open that letter yet. He then tells his mom that he’s going to be drafted. Actually, his mom asks him why he’s practicing his pitching, and he says he’s going to be drafted into the major leagues. His mom implies that that sounds just like in the war times. He then begins to explain in almost excruciating detail how when you’re in a smaller baseball league, his team, his coach manager, Gregory, whose last name escapes me, he has full control over Joe’s actions and can delegate his services, I assume his pitching services, to wherever he’s needed, but they must heed to the major leagues. So, he explains to his mom that’s going to be a source for more money for him, playing in the major leagues and being drafted instead, to which his mom says - even though she’s not very pleased with him playing baseball for a living, he seems to be quite good at it, and she hopes that he’ll do a good job at the baseball gig. She doesn’t call it a gig, but she hopes he’ll make good. Pardon me, I was just reading the instructions because the circle just turned yellow. Okay, so after that, Joe then opens the letter and he tells Clara it’s from one of his many admirers. He opens a letter to see it was from Mabel Varley. Mabel Varley tells Joe that she’s going to come into their town, I suppose that evening, with her brother Reggie because Reggie has some business in the town. Then Joe and Clara speak about how it’s snowing a lot. Joe even looks out the window at more of the snow and says, “Oh boy, look how it’s coming down now.” So, he goes to the depot. Actually, he’s about to go to the depot. He asks Clara if she’d like to come. She did say no, I assume, because she wasn’t at the depot with him, but as he’s walking to the depot, he’s thinking about both of the letters in his pocket, very not smugly but very pleasingly, for both letters were “very important to him”. Then once he’s at the depot, he asks the - I wouldn’t say train conductor but a man working there for information on when this train was going to come. The man says to him he should probably come back later in the day for more information on this train’s arrival. I assumed either hours later, it was unclear to me whether Joe stayed in the station or not but “sometime later in the day”. Joe returns to the man and the man responds that this train that Joe’s waiting for is coming in tonight. Joe exclaims a very humorous expression which I forgot, unfortunately. Actually, I’m going to return to the mom and the jug because she also exclaimed something which I forgot as well. As Joe is going to pick up that second letter, his mom requests for a mop while he was at it. Clara requests a mop while he’s at it. At it, meaning getting the second letter. Regardless, back to the depot, Joe exclaims this humorous phrase to which the conduc- he asks there’s been a wreck. The man says that it’s being stalled at Deep Rock Cut. It’s either a combination of those three words or a specification or a permutation with words similar to this. He says it’s being stalled and it won’t come in for several days due to the storm. This upsets Joe, at least mildly, and then - let me think. Now the ending, I absolutely forgot. I don’t want to say that he went home, but I would assume there would be nowhere else for him to go. Oh, my. I guess I’ll start filling in details I missed from the beginning. So, in the beginning, Joe and Clara, they’re having their semi-snarky back-and-forth. Clara asks him, I think twice, “What does this letter all mean?” His mother, actually, when she walks in after she’s dropped the pitcher, the jug, it was described as she asks what does it all mean as well because both of them - Joe didn’t tell them specific information about the letter until he senses into interacting with each one. During that – I can’t remember the name of the team. On his way to the depot, actually – we’re bouncing back towards the end, he recalls – no, he starts thinking about how he didn’t think he would be in the running for being drafted to a major league team so soon, leaving me to believe he’s not that far into his baseball career, but that’s not recollection anymore. He says, at this point, he will be in the running for, I think, the New York team, the Philly team. I want to say either LA or another one of the major league teams. He didn’t expect this to happen so soon. Now, further in the beginning, as I just now recall, Clara was becoming increasingly distressed at the prospect of Joe being removed. I think Joe may have said that that’s what would have been happening to his position on the Central League Baseball Team, and he kind of goes with that for a little bit longer because he needs her on the assumption that he’s going to be removed. She says, “You know, I didn’t know that these baseball people were that bad even after you’ve done so good,” I think.  I’m going to jump to later when Joe is recalling - not recalling but explaining the draft to his mother. He does say how he will sort of lend his services to wherever, I guess, the major league needs him. He described the contract, I’m not sure if it was explicitly stated that it was a contract, but does explain how he did sign off his - not his soul, but he said something about himself was signed off, maybe it was only his services that the manager, this Gregory man whose last name I can’t remember, can sort of – I don’t want to say manage, but have Greg – not have – Joe have to use his pitching services wherever he’s needed, and Joe has to agree. Obviously, the major league takes precedence over that, so Gregory ends his letter by saying that Joe will be missed - not missed but that he’s sad to see him have to go but wishes him the best. Later on, Joe does think of more things on his walk to the depot. Now I’m at a loss for details. I think that is about all that I have in the story. 