So, the story starts with a guy named Joe walking into his house. He has a letter in his hand and his sister, Clara, is in the house, sees him, and she’s doing something with the letter or paper of some sorts and asked him what the letter is about, specifically inquiring if it’s about their dad’s business. Joe tells her that it’s not and that it’s actually about his baseball career that he has. He currently plays for the Pitts as a pitcher. He tells Clara that he might not be pitching for them anymore, and she’s confused and asking if he’s getting replaced or if he got fired. He mentions that he needs it to make money and that kind of thing. Yes, and then eventually, he starts practicing his pitch, his mom, Ms. Matson, comes in with a thing of water because she’s planning to water the plants on the windowsill - the flowers on the windowsill, sorry. He doesn’t see her because she comes from behind him, and he ends up knocking the thing of water down and it breaks and he then – before all this happened, Clara had seen their mom coming and had warned him, but he didn’t realize until it was too late that his mom was behind him. He asked his mom if he hit her and she said, “No,” that she was okay, and then the three of them start talking again about the letter that Joe received in which he - when the thing fell, the two letters were dropped and one of them, as the sister noted, had a girlish handwriting on it while the other one was the first letter that she had seen in his hands. But nonetheless, he eventually tells his mom and sister that the letter that he’d gotten was from his manager for his baseball team telling him that the St. Louis team was considering him for a draft. Then he goes on to – and then his mom says that a draft – are we at like war time? Do you have no choice if you have to switch or not? Then he tells her that - he explains to her that when he signed his contract for his minor league baseball team, that he essentially says that he will give the rights to him playing, the rights to his work as a baseball player as long as he plays baseball to either the league or his manager. That comes along with if any team above them, above their league, wants to draft their players, they can just take him. His mom is a little shocked at this, but he then tells me that this puts them in a better spot if he wants to get recruited by larger teams. He mentions one from New York, I think. So, she is a little bit more put at ease by this information. Then after that, he tells her that – sorry, I’m trying to think for a second. After that, his sister is asking about the second letter that he has, the one that has the girlish handwriting, and asks if it’s from one of his admirers. He says he doesn’t know who it’s from until he opens it. So, he does and says it’s from someone named Mabel. His sister then teases him a little bit because he’s like - she says that, of course, he shouldn’t have forgotten her handwriting because he seemed particularly taken with her. He tells his sister that Mabel and her brother Reggie are planning to come to where they live and that - because Reggie has work there. Then Clara mentions that she’s never met either of them, and he says, “Oh well, you’ll be able to soon, very soon, because their train is supposed to stop in today.” He mentioned on the express train, I think, the afternoon express train. He then mentions that, “Oh, he should start heading to the station to see when he’s there so that he can greet them.” When he heads to the station the first time, the guy working there tells him that he probably won’t get any information about people who are - when the train will arrive because it’s been snowing super badly and they can’t see the train. So, he tells him to come back later. So then, Joe comes back later and he comes back later and asks the train conductor, “When is the train going to come in?” This was around the time that the train should normally be coming in. The conductor dude says that the – oh, the first time he came, the conductor said that they’ll have more information later, like more specific details, if he comes back later, so that’s why he came back again. He tells him that it’s not going to be very good news, and Joe asked if it’s a wreck and he says, “No, it’s not a wreck, but it’s not anything better. Five miles ahead, they’ve been snowed in and there’s no way the train to move.” So then, Joe says that he has friends on that train, “Is there anything that I can do to help?” I’m trying to think of any other information I can remember. Yes, I can’t really think of anything, so 