Okay. So, it starts out with Joseph Matsen saying – making that noise of “wooh” thing when he reads the letter from – I think it’s George something, which I’m guessing is the manager for the Pittston team that he’s on, and he’s talking to his younger sister Clara. I remember the narrator saying something about Joseph having like a bronzed face, and then Clara is asking him about the letter and saying like, “Oh, is it bad? Is it’s something with dad’s business?” He was like, “No.” He said something like it’s not bad, but it’s just as important, and he looks out the window and it’s snowing. Then the narrator says something weird about Clara looking at her big, handsome brother. I was like, what the…?  Then Joseph like pretends to throw something, like pitch a ball, I guess, and that’s when his mom walks in with water, and then he hits the jug of water that she was going to use to water the plants with. The water spills everywhere. The mom and Clara scream, and then Joseph says some kind of baseball reference, but I don’t know anything about baseball, so it didn’t really stick in my mind. Then I remember another weird adjective when the mom was looking at her athletic son or whatever. I was like, “Why is the narrator doing this?” Let me think. It was kind of boring for a while here, but then I remember, he explained that the letter was from his manager about how he was going to be able to join the St. Louis National Team, so he’s going to be in the running for a major league team, possibly even like the Giants or the Philadelphia team in the future. I know he said that. Yes, so he – then he opens the other letter, and it’s from this Mabel – what’s the last name - Barvis, something like that, and that’s apparently a girl that he likes, and she’s coming in on the express train, and they want to hang out for a bit. I don’t remember why she was coming specifically, but – oh, and then going back a little bit, I remember when he was talking about how he was going to join the St. Louis team, he was nervous because he had have to compete with other people that were also good and then also like, he didn’t have the option to stay with the Pittston team he’s on now for some reason, but the Pittston team could give him over to a better team. Then going back farther in the future, so Joseph asked Clara if she wants to come with him to the train station, and she’s like, “No, not in this weather because it’s snowing really bad,” and then Joseph goes and he’s talking to, I think – I don’t remember, someone who works at a train station. I don’t know if it’s a conductor or something, but he says, “You can come back in the afternoon for information on the train,” and then he does come later and as he’s approaching, the same guy is like, “You’re not going to hear anything today,” or something like that. “They’re definitely not coming today, but they might not come even later on even for a few more days,” because the train that the girl he likes is coming on, her brother, I think, I don’t remember, but it got snowed in, so it’s stalled and stuck somewhere I think four or six – four miles up, and then he was like, “Oh, no, what can I…” wondering what he could do to help. I don’t think there’s anything else. Okay. That’s all I remember, so  