On a snowy day, Joe Madison and Clara Madison are talking in their house. Joe has just received two letters. One from Claire and one from Mr. Gregory. Clara asks who the letters are from. Joe explains that he will no longer be playing for Central League Baseball, and then Clara exclaims why. Joe explains that he has been let go from the team. Then, his mother comes in with a jug of water-to-water plants on the windowsill. Joe practices his pitching and throws a ball and hits the jug which falls and breaks. Joe cleans up the jug and mops the water, and then tells his mom that he has been let go from the Pittston Central League baseball team by Mr. Gregory and is being drafted to the St. Louis Nationals, a major league baseball team. His mother wonders if drafting a baseball player is like drafting in the military. Joe calls his mother Momsy and Mrs. Madison. Mrs. Madison then tells Joe that she will begrudgingly let him go, but she is still reluctant about letting him pursue baseball as a career. Joe tells her that he will make more money going from Pittston to the St. Louis Nationals, and he will also garner fame. As he takes the letters away, Clara wonders what the second letter in the square envelope was. Joe explains to her that that letter is from Claire, who is coming that day on a train with her brother, Reggie. Joe, excited at the prospect of seeing Claire who he is more than interested in, tells his sister that he will be going to the train station. As he walks through the snowstorm, he thinks about his baseball prospects and his prospects with Claire. Clara is his sister, his prospects with Mabel who is Reggie’s sister. As he nears the train station, he asked the train conductor where the train is. The train conductor says the train is stalled five miles above where they are. Joe wonders of his friends and if they have met their end as if the train had crashed, but the conductor assures him that the train has not crashed and is only stalled. Joe exclaims, “Great Scott!” at this ordeal. In summary, Joe and Clara are sisters. Mrs. Madison is Joe and Clara's mother. Joe is interested in Mabel. Mabel is coming with Reggie to the train station. Joe has been signed to a major league baseball team and is being withdrawn from the central league baseball team, the Pittston team by Mr. Gregory. 