The story begins with the emphasis of a letter. The story is with Clara and Joe who seemed to be siblings, and they receive a letter in which they’re both very curious about. Clara even asked if it has to do with his baseball career or even their father’s business, but Joe finds out that he has lost his place in the team, and they also put a lot of emphasis on the need of extra money. So, Joe makes an emphasis that he is a great pitcher in the baseball team, and just then, their mother walks in. I believe her name is Mrs. Matson. Joe hits a jug of water that she had brought in, and this starts their conversation about how Joe believes that his pitching career will bring in money that they need. Later, the letter - we find out that the letter is from Mr. Gregory. The letter talks about being part of a major league team, and how Joe will be drafted into the team of St. Louis. Then, the mother seems to be a little bit worried about this, and worried about the term “draft.” But Joe doesn’t seem to mind being drafted, because he explained that when signing a contract, he gave them permission to control his baseball decisions, and he’s willing to do it for money and fame. He also - by the speech he goes, we can see that he’s very determined to continue his baseball career, whether it was for a major league team or the St. Louis team. Then, we also found out that Joe has another letter that he has not opened yet. He opens it and finds out it’s from a friend he is interested in named Mabel. When he opens the letter, he informs Clara that Mabel was going to stop by, and that they – and Clara emphasizes that she has never met her, and she was looking forward to that, and then Joe said that they’re actually coming in that same day. Then, we find out that there’s a big snowstorm that could come into conflict with Mabel’s arrival. Then, in the story, Joe goes to the train station. It seems like the person working at the train station says there’s really no hope for the train to arrive. Then, a few minutes after waiting, I believe, the worker at the train station tells Joe that the train will not be arriving. I believe this worries Joe, and then kind of has a mindset that his friends are in danger. He tries to find a way to help - well, he’s trying to think of a way to help them. Yes,  