In the story I just heard, it was about the main character's name is Joe Claire? Joe something. He had gotten two letters in the mail. The first one stated that he was moving on to a major league baseball team. The other one was stating that a friend or a girl that he knew was coming into town later that afternoon. He was telling his sister this information. Her name is Clara. They were having a conversation about the letter and him transferring baseball teams. Then, he made a joke about his pitching arm and ended up knocking a jug of water out of his mom's hand. It ended up breaking and spraying all over their floor. His mom at first was apprehensive about him taking a baseball as a career and was worried that he would be forced into having to make it a professional career, but ultimately, it was Joe's decision. Then, at this point, Clara had pressured Joe into reading the other letter. He did and found out that a girl was coming to see him with her brother at the train station, but there was a blizzard. So, they didn't know if the train was going to make it, but he ended up going to the train station anyway to check in on the girl to see her and her brother. He was there for most of the afternoon. After multiple minutes, hours have passed, the conductor or some guy at the train station was saying that their train got snowed in about five miles north of where they were, and that it didn't look like it would be freed anytime soon, and that they couldn't expect the train to get there in a reasonable time. So, Joe was worried that this girl and her brother had gotten into a wreck and an accident. It seems that he and this girl had some sort of history, or he liked her romantically in some form because of teasing that Clara had given him before he left about recognizing her handwriting but he was very sad that they ultimately did not come, and that they were snowed in and couldn't make it. Additionally, in the letter transferring baseball teams, he was told that he would be drafted, which indicated that it might be against his decision but because it seemed or like not decision, but his will, his wishes. I don’t know what else I was going to say. Oh, but that he signed a contract saying that he had to stay with his team unless a major league wanted him. So, he didn't really have a decision, but that it was his way to major-major leagues. They mentioned the Philadelphia Athletics and the New York Giants. I feel like that was it. What else happened? At the beginning of the story, he was talking about his father’s company. So, apparently, there's something that's happening. The big push for him to switch teams was to make more money for his family. So, that might  that he has some sort of financial need. That was everything I totally remember. So, 