Okay, I don't remember much of this story, but there is a person named Joe and his sister, Clara. At the beginning of the story, they were having a conversation about letters that they received. They're sifting through mail or letters and they're reading them, and she has her own and he has his. He has these two and one of them is addressed to him from his father or someone, and just explaining the situation about an unfortunate event, but he has this very like serious look on his face and Clara's like, “What is it? What is it? What are you looking at?” He explains, “Oh, I might lose my position as a pitcher on this one team,” and she's like, “Oh gosh, what's going to happen?” He also got an offer from the St. Louis Cardinals and he won a pendant for his previous baseball team. He's a baseball player and this is how he makes money and everything, and so he got an offer from the St. Louis Cardinals, and so him and Clara are having a conversation and it's wintry outside and snowflakes falling to the ground. It's very, very cold like a very bad storm outside, and so they're discussing and he's talking about how he needs to be better for pitching for the Cardinals, for the St. Louis Cardinals. He's practicing throwing and right as he throws a ball like split seconds before he releases it, Clara's like, “Wait, no!” The ball ends up hitting the pitcher that his mom brought out filled with water that she was going to use to water the plants near the window. He breaks that, and the glass goes everywhere, the water's spilling, and then his mom was like, “What are you doing?” He just like, “Oh, I was practicing pitching, loosening my arm, warming it up because I'm playing for the St. Louis Cardinals. I got an offer from them.” She's like, “Oh, does your arm hurt or whatever?” He's like nary or something like that, and then - what was it? Then they continue having conversation, and he has a second letter and he hasn't opened it yet, but it's addressed to him. It's this big boxy letter, and it's this big letter that he doesn't really know what's in, and Clara's asking, “Oh, who's it from? Who's it from?” He finally opens it and it's from a person he knows very well, who Clara is insinuating is - he's like, “Oh, I have many fans,” and Clara's insinuating, “Oh, who's it from?” He's like, “Oh, it's from Mary -” or someone's name, I don't remember who. The letter basically said, “Oh, I'm visiting the train station,” or “I'm coming, and I'll be coming via train station tomorrow,” and Clara's like, “Oh, of course, you guys are always talking,” and Joe decides, “Okay, but how is he going to get through this storm?” Then he goes anyways, and he has the letter in hand - or it's not from the letter. I don't think he actually ever opened the letter. I think it's from his mom or someone else telling him that they're coming by train, so he goes and he gets to the train station. He's talking to the train station people and they're just like – because there’s no train over there, and he’s like, “Oh, where is it? This train is supposed to come. They're like everything's delayed because the snowstorm and they could have gotten stuck, and he's wondering how they're going to get out of the train and how that's going to work with the storm and everything, this huge blizzard going on. 