The story first starts with Joe reading a letter and then he makes a noise, and his sister who's in the kitchen, also reading a letter or doing some work is like, “Oh, Joe, what did -” Clara, his sister, was like, “Oh, Joe, what did you find?” He is telling her about the letter, and he's like, “Oh, soon, I'm going to be out of this town and my arm is going to start making me a lot of money.” We find out that Joe's on a baseball team near in his hometown and his sister was making some banter, using sports slang, and he's like, “Oh, you can use sports slang. That's crazy that you can use sports slang.” Then Joe is showing off his arm to his sister, so he's rotating it around in a circle and he doesn't see behind him that his mom is walking into the house with a glass jug of water, and his sister sees him and is like, “Joe, watch out!” Ultimately, it's too late and he ends up hitting the jug out of his mom's hand and it falls and breaks all over the floor, wetting up her carpet. His sister Clara screams, his mom screams. His mom asks him if he's okay, did he hurt himself. Joe ends up saying ouch. As soon as he breaks the glass, his mom - and he asks his mom if she's okay and he hopes that he didn't hit her too hard or anything. He just continues telling Clara and his mom about the letter, and that he's being drafted to a team, and his mom is concerned and she's like, “What does being drafted mean? That sounds war times,” and she's really concerned. He’s like, “Oh no, it's not that. The baseball league in America has a very specific system, and I'm being drafted to a smaller team. If a major team wants to pluck me off the smaller team, they're allowed to, and the smaller team can't really put up a fight about it. Of course, I have to try out like everyone else and be a part of the smaller team,” but what's it called? “Of course, I have to try out everyone else in order to be a part of the Major League team, but I've been preparing all summer, and I'm going to beat everyone else who's been trying out. It's great because it's a pay bump from the smaller team. The smaller team, I'm not making as much money. Well, the major, big team, I'm making way more money,” and he said he could be drafted to a team like the Giants and something else, I can't recall. Then Joe's sister points out that there were two letters. One letter being the draft letter and the other letter being on the floor. Joe's like, “Oh, I'll open it later,” but first he cleans up the water. He goes out to get a mop from outside. He comes back, he cleans up the water from the carpet, and then he ends up opening the letter and seeing that a friend of his, a mutual friend between him and his sister and their sibling, is coming to the town they live in. His sister's like, “Oh, are they coming to visit us?” Her brother Joe was like, “No, they're not coming to visit us. They're just going on vacation and they are going to stop through our town, and they'll just see if they can stop by real quick. Clara was like, “Oh, I hope they'll be able to see us. I really want to see them. Maybe I'll be able to stop by real quick.” Joe's like, “Well, they're coming in right now,” so Joe decides to go to the train station. Before he goes to the train station, him and his sister notice that it's been snowing, and it's snowing really heavily outside, and that deters Clara from wanting to go with Joe outside. Joe ends up going outside, he's thinking about both of these letters, he has them in tow. He's like “I'm excited to see my friend, Megan,” I think and, “I think about her more than ordinary girls because she's really special, and he then gets to the train station and the conductor is like, “Hey, you're probably not going to be able to see your friends because Of the snow. They've been snowed in. The train is stuck, and it's not moving anytime soon.” Joe's like, “Oh my god. I'm so concerned,” but his initial thought when the conductor said, “Oh, you won't be seeing them today,” was that his friends got hurt, but they're currently just stuck on a stall, and that's how the story ended. 