Basically, there is Joe and Clara and mom. In the beginning, Joe has two letters and Clara, and he is explaining that he got let go by a baseball team and Clara is very concerned. His younger sister who is very fond of him. She’s like, “What does that mean? You’re the best player” He said, “I don’t know if I’m the best player.” They proceed to have a conversation about baseball and they’re both very involved in baseball. His mom comes in. He is being drafted for the St. Louis team in the nationals, I believe. His mom isn’t very happy with him being drafted because she thinks that it indicates that there’s no choice and that he has to go just like the army. He explains that it is kind of how it is from the smaller team that he is on now, the Pistons, I believe. Then his coaches draft him to whatever team. He mentions Chicago and New York, I think, or Los Angeles or San Francisco. I’m not sure. One of the big cities. He says that if he plays well and throws the pitching average that he’ll be a part of the teams, and that he wants to pursue a career in baseball and at pitching.
His mom isn’t very fond of the idea. She is rather upset about it. He proceeds to tell her that he is going to make a lot more money than he does now if he joins a major league team and that it is the way he wants to go. He drops - he, at the beginning - sorry, I forgot this part. When he was showing Clara his pitching, he knocks over a pitcher of water onto the carpet and his mother gets upset because it’s going to ruin the carpet. So, she wipes it up, but it’s because he hit her and then she’s worried about his pitching hand. 
At the end, there’s a whole story about him getting on a train. It’s about St. Louis league team and he’ll be drafted. It’s him opening the letter. I don’t remember about the second letter says to Clara, but he says something, and then he goes to the train and there are many delays. There was a snowstorm and he was worried that there was a crash because he is imagining all of his friends that are on the train. He is very nervous about them, but he had heard it snowed in which eases his mind a little bit, but he’s still nervous and wondering what he can do to help. I’m not so sure how that ties into the whole story about the baseball, but I know that he’s very focused on his baseball journey and that Clara, his younger sister, is very involved, and his mother seems a little more fragile and a little unsure about the whole thing. She is very traditional and wants him to get more of a stable job. Well, he knows his income, but he reassures her that he’s going to make more money and this is how he wants to pursue his dream. I’m not quite sure what else there is. Let me think. I remember it’s more of a sweeping story than the first one. It’s a little harder to recall. 