First, Joe received a letter and his sister Clara asked him what it was about. I believe that he opened the letter and Clara asked him if it was bad news, but Joe said that it was not anything that bad. Then, something came up about Joe using his pitching arm to have to make a living and work. Then, at that point, his sister Clara thought that he was going to lose his job, but I don't know if that was ever clarified. Then, Joe and Clara's mother walk or – well, Joe and Clara's mom walks in. She was holding a glass pitcher. At that point, Joe was swinging his arm I guess as like a joke or something. He ends up hitting that glass jug and it falls on the ground. It breaks and the water spills everywhere. Both Clara and their mother yelled. Then after that, his mother asks him if his hand is okay. He said that he was fine. Then, I think that Joe received another letter. Then, at that point, Clara wanted to know who it was from or what it was about, but Joe hadn’t opened it, I think. Then, somehow, they start talking about either the first letter that Joe opened or maybe it was the second letter. I don't remember, but it was something about Joe being scouted or wanting to be drafted for a national baseball team. I don't remember the name, but he was thinking about it. Then, Clara was asking him questions. Then, Clara kind of still wanted to know who the second letter was from, but Joe hadn't opened it. I think he walked back to his room and then he started – well, the story shifted into Joe going outside. Then, I don't remember where he was going or if he was with anybody, but then at this point, he started talking to someone about a train. This person told him that Joe will not be able to catch this train for a while or at least a few days or hours. When Joe asked why, this person told him that the train was snowed in, but before he told him that, Joe thought that an accident had happened and he kind of started to worry because he said that, or he thought that he had friends on that train. So, he was just concerned. Then, like I said, the man or person told him that the train was just snowed in. Joe, I guess, was a little bit surprised. That is all I remember. 