Okay. I don't know if this is okay. Press the . Okay. So, basically, the beginning of the story was with Joe and Claire, they’re siblings, and Joe took two or had two letters, but the first one that he opened apparently was from the St. Louis baseball team. He is a part of the baseball team in his town and he did pretty well in that season. So then, he wasn't expecting, but gotten a semi-offer to join the baseball team in St. Louis, saying that they're considering him for the upcoming season. Then he got very excited about it and started to move his arm around, practicing a swing. Then I believe his mother came in with a water jug, and the water jug, he accidentally hit. The water jug went crashing down to the floor and shattered everywhere, and water went all over the carpet. The mom was surprised, nobody got hurt, though. Then afterwards, she was asking why he was swinging his arm around, and then he broke the news that he might be joining the St. Louis team. Then basically, he had another letter as well. The other letter was a girl that wrote to him that was, I guess, very close to him, saying that she was going to be visiting his town and might be staying over for a day or two. It's really, really, really, raining - not raining, sorry, snowy outside, like blizzard-like. So, he was wondering if the train would even come in today or when it would come in. Then, he decided that he was going to go out there and see whether or not the train was going to come in, and the train did not come in. In fact, it had been stalled and there was snow that basically impacted the train in. So, they wouldn't be coming in for another couple of days if even. He got really worried because his friends were on there.  Yes, that's basically all I can really remember. Just that he was a really, really good baseball player and that he might be going to a Major League team that he was drafted to. His mom actually made a joke saying, “That sounds like war,” but he said that it was more so his duty as somebody who's good at baseball to accept the call from somebody that wants him in a Major League, and that the Little League would have to accept that, basically. Yes, that's pretty much it. I'm done.  I guess I need to speak for four minutes.  I need to keep going. Yes, he did mention something about his father and him making more money. Him making more money, I'm assuming was from the Little League, but when - I don't know why he mentioned his father. He also talked about, or his sister cracked a joke. I think the girl's name was Mabel or something like that, that she should know, or he should know her writing pretty well, because it was a recent thing. He seemed really excited to go pick up his friends and Mabel from the train, but unfortunately, that just didn't happen. Okay. Now, I'm done.