There’s a teacher who is doing stand-up comedy in Manhattan. She is a third grade teacher, and she’s recalling her time when she taught one of her third grade classes about the Oregon Trail. She says that she’s a very non-traditional teacher, where she would write letters to the class about things they needed to learn and then bring in puppets and do shows to teach them about all these different things. So, when she wanted to teach the class about the Oregon Trail to a bunch of nine-year-olds, she was coming up with a creative way, and in an interactive way to teach them about it because their brains can’t understand and be compassionate with just reading about it. And also, you’re not going to keep their attention if you do that. So, she says that she comes up with a game that is a mix of random chance. She says Dungeons & Dragons. So, she creates a dice game mixed with the Oregon Trail video game. So, all of her students become people that did travel to the Oregon Trail, they have names and occupations. She says that all of the girls in her class wanted to be pop stars, but that was not the thing doing the Oregon Trail, so she talks them down into different jobs. So, there’s a lot of just - like homestead; farmers, miners, and a few doctors. One of first activity she does relating to the Oregon Trail is she takes her students on a 40-block walk through Manhattan up on the east side – the west side along the Hudson River, so that they can feel what it was to walk. This is a two-mile walk compared to the 2,000-mile journey that the people took on the Oregon Trail. She has some people complaining. There’s one kid in specific who complains about wanting water, and she realizes like she has to give them water even though there wasn’t always water on the Oregon Trail. So, she went just to come across a stream so that they can drink water. There’s also one kid in class that she is kind of annoyed by, his name is Alex, and he says that he would be in a wagon and he wouldn’t have to walk this, because they’re complaining about the walk. She says, “No. You are only in that if you are sick,” or “You would have extra supplies or a piano.” She says that she did research, so that was accurate. One of their next activities is actually the beginning of the game, where all the people, they do run chance roles to figure out how they’re going to do this 2,000-mile journey where they make choices and stuff. She brings up a snake oil man, which means to adults, a scam artist or a conman. But to the children, she was like, “They just think it’s the snake oil guy.” So, they roll and say they’re going to take the snake oil to see if it will get them there faster. She says “It doesn’t do anything.” Oh, and before they started playing the game, Alex, because she doesn’t really - or the kid that she kind of messes with a little bit, asks if the game is going to be dangerous. So, she said, “Yes, it will be dangerous,” and they asked if people are going to die. She kind of was just like, “It’s going to be dangerous.” So, they’re going through all these different roles and stuff, and all the kids are kind of wanting it to be a little more risky and such, so she starts integrating these different risks, and that’s where the snake oil man comes in all these different parts of the game that she writes. She even kind of confuses herself on why she wrote some of these choices, because she realizes that they’re nine years old and she doesn’t want to scar them for life with having one of them die on the trail. But there’s a point where she decides to actually make it so somebody could possibly die. So, they do a roll to see what’s going to happen, and she decides that the wagon is going to flip over, and one girl, Katie, is trapped in the wagon, or her character is trapped in the wagon. So then, she does a roll to see if she gets out, if she’s okay. The roll says that her legs are injured and infected, so they’re going to do another roll, like - she hasn’t gotten this far. She didn’t think that the chance would get them to this point. But one of the little girls in the back, Elis, jumps up and she’s like, “I’m a doctor, so I can save her,” which the teacher is very relieved at because she doesn’t want to a little girl die in her classroom and she gets called into the office by the parents, saying that she scarred them for life and everything. So, they roll, and Elise saves Katie, and then the teacher’s kind of not over it, but she doesn’t want anyone to be scarred by the game, so they get through the Rockies to Oregon City really quickly by this point. Then, it ends and she says that a bunch of years later, she’s now – oh, when Katie was saved, the whole class started cheering and jumping up and down, and they celebrated that day, saved her, and then they celebrated when they got to Oregon City and everything. But before they got to Oregon City, she gave them another set of danger that was they herd animals outside of their camp, and the kid that she’s annoyed with, Alex, says, “Are they wild or are they friendly?” She says, “Oh, they’re wild.” But then they roll to domesticate the animals, so they have a pet wolf that now follows them all the way to Oregon, and when they get there, they celebrate, and that’s kind of the end of that game that she did. Then, as bunch of years later, she’s walking on Broadway and she runs into Katie, and Katie’s now on ninth grade. She says that she looks exactly the same, so she recognizes her and they talk, and Katie opens up before really saying anything, and she says, “Do you remember when I almost died in your class?” talking about the game. So, the teacher is remembering that and thinking it’s funny while telling this whole standup routine.  