Joe and his sister Clara are sitting at a table while it is snowing outside. They’re going through their mail, and Joe has a letter that Clara asks about, and he’s being purposely vague when he described what is in the letter. He is a baseball player. He’s describing how he is no longer going to play for the local baseball team, and Clara freaks out inquiring as of to why they didn’t want him to play anymore, and he’s being purposely vague, not really answering her question, just saying that he’s not going to be playing for that team anymore. He says that he’s going to earn more money playing baseball, and Clara is confused by this because she thinks he’s got released from his team, so he gets up and starts talking about how his pitching arm is going to make more money when their mother walks in and she’s carrying a jug to water the flowers that are in the room with them. As he’s winding up his arm like he’s going to pitch, he hits the jug out of her hand and knocks onto the ground, and it crashes and breaks into a bunch of pieces. Both Clara and the mother exclaimed at this part. So, Joe reaches down and he starts to clean it up so that his mom doesn’t have to. While he’s cleaning this up, there’s another letter on the ground that he picks up, and they can tell that the writing on it is a feminine handwriting. So, Clara starts to interrogate him about what’s in that letter and he’s again purposely vague and saying that he doesn’t know, he doesn’t know who it’s from, that he has so many different admirers. He says that it’s probably one of his admirers, but he doesn’t know which one. Then they returned back to talking about baseball when the mother is asking why he was dancing around like that. Then it resumes back to the topic of how he’s not going to play for the local team anymore. So, they started asking about questions, and he finally tells them that he’s being called up and that the letter he had received and was reading before he knocked over the jug of water is from, I believe, Mr. Gregory who is a team manager saying that he might be called up to the major leagues from the minor leagues. So, Clara – the mother started asking about how that’s possible, how you can even do that, especially if he doesn’t want to go. He says, “Well, I don’t not want to go,” but it’s not his choice because he’s on a contract when he started with the minor team that they, whenever they release him, he can be picked up by any team, but the major league teams can choose him off the minor league team’s roster with no warning, and he has to go because he has signed over his rights. So, after that conversation, they returned back to the other envelope with the feminine writing on it. So, he stares again outside and then picks up the letter and says, “Fine, I’ll open it to curb your curiosity,” and it’s a letter from one of his admirers Mabel talking about how she’s going to be coming into town with her brother and visiting. Clara then says that she’s never met these people before, so she’s excited to meet them, and he says, “We don’t have to wait very long. They’re going to be here today,” that evening, coming in on a train to stop off for a day or two because they’re travelling. So then, he goes down to the train station to see about where their train is, and it’s snowing heavily outside. Before he left, there was a conversation with Clara and Joe saying that it’s snowing heavily outside. Joe asked Clara if he wanted to go with him to the train station, and she said no because it was snowing too heavily. So, he goes, asked the station master about where the train is, and he says, “With this storm, we don’t know where it is. Come back later to see where your friends are.” When he goes back later, it’s snowing even more, and the station master says, “You can just go home, they’re not going to make it in tonight because they got snowed in five miles away.” So, Joe kind of freaks out, saying that his friends are on that train, so what is he going to do?  