First, in the second story, a woman starts talking and she says that she is a third-grade teacher and that right now in her class, she has to teach kids or her students the geography and history of the United States geography. Because of that, I'm guessing her and her colleagues had to - or maybe she just had to learn the states. Then she starts talking about the Oregon Trail, and in order to teach them, she knew that it was going to be - or that the Oregon Trail is a complex kind of thing to teach, so she had to make a game for her students since they're only in the third grade. When she mentions that in the classroom, one of her students named Alex asked her if they're going to make a game, and then she said yes, but that it was going to be a dangerous game. After that, each of the students have to choose a name and it was based according to the real names of the people who died on the trail. That same little kid, Alex, was named Alex Bacon, and then she said something about all the little girls wanting to be pop stars, but that obviously at the time, pop stars did not exist, and then she started saying that even though they could not actually go on the real Oregon Trail, she wanted to make the students go through something similar. So they walked two miles in Manhattan, 40 blocks, and then she mentioned something about water and how she had to name it a stream because she didn't want to get in trouble, and then she says the game - or she says that she puts on a bonnet and her name for the game is Mary, and so the kids started asking her if anyone is going to die in this game. She noticed how all the children were very excited when she said maybe. Then soon after that, the teacher made a scenario where a little girl in the class named Katie was stuck under a wagon - of course in the game - and her legs got infected and then she had to roll a dice similar to the Dungeons and Dragons kind of game, and so she had to roll a dice to see whether or not she would - or would the leg infection get better or worse. Then it ended up getting worse, but then a little girl in the class yelled out that she's a doctor, and the little girl's name was Ellis. Then the teacher says that because they had a doctor, everyone was very happy, and they were throwing papers around, and it reminded her of Apollo 13. After that, it was the next day, and she put her bonnet on again, and she said they heard animal noises, but the kids really wanted it to be dangerous, so she made it not dangerous, and they had to adopt a hurt baby animal. They had to roll a dice again to see what baby species they would have to adopt, and so she says soon after that that they reach Oregon City very fast, and she mentions something about Amazon Prime, and then they had a dance party to Earth, Wind, and Fire. Then she sees Katie again in the future, and Katie's already grown up, like in the ninth grade, and then the first thing that they said to each other when they saw each other on the street was something about the Oregon Trail or Katie - yes, Katie said, “Do you remember when I died - or almost died, on the trail?” 