So it starts off with the narrator telling us about how he started as a reporter in the Bronx and he says the Bronx because he attends Fordham University, which is in the Bronx, of course and just going right into it talking about how Dean McGowan, the Dean of the University, wants to slowly replace the working class citizens that attend the university with more prestigious and wealthy citizens by raising the tuition above inflation rates. I guess he was standing in like a cafeteria sort of room and he sees Dean McGowan and he starts asking him some questions, as a reporter does. He asks something similar to what I just said, “Why are you replacing working class citizens that work part time with more wealthy, prestigious students by raising tuition levels above inflation rates?” I think before he even gets a word out, someone comes up behind him with a cream pie in hand and attacks him with the cream pie in the face. His face is full of cream pie from the attack and I think the narrator says something along the lines of, “Can you comment on this situation? Can you say a thing about this situation?” and Dean McGowan just says, “Fuck you” and it gets the reporter’s mind just racing with everything that just happened and he rushes back to his reporting room or whatever you call it to start writing. I think someone by the name of Dwyer is his higher up or something like that and he loves the story. He wants to take it and run with it. So the narrator starts writing and I think they suggest, either him or this Dwyer figure, who’s the higher up, suggests making little embellishments regarding the story. He is Catholic, the narrator, and he embellishes that Pie Man, which that is what we’re calling now, the man that attacked Dean McGowan with the cream pie. Pie Man says something in Latin after pieing his victims. Something like – I don’t remember, honestly but he says something in Latin, which obviously never happened. He finishes the story. He shows it to his higher up and he reads it and he loves it, the higher up. He loves it. He loves it. He loves it. He says, “We’re running this and it’s running on page one of the school newspaper” or whatever. 
It runs and after that paper runs, he gets a letter. He reads the letter and it’s from Pie Man. Pie Man says something along the lines of, “If you want to see that again or if you want to see me again, meet me on the steps of somewhere on campus library”. It’s up to the library maybe at 2:15. I don’t remember the time and there was a girl there. I don’t remember the name of this girl but she’s also a student there who supposedly has an extra special relationship with the dean. He says that there is a rumor that this girl collaborates with the dean in many ways. Sometimes very closely on the desk of his office, if you know what I mean. But he says this is just a rumor, blah, blah, blah. He’s like, “I would never tell this to you” and the audience was laughing or whatever. This girl is protesting a change of the campus rule saying that people should not be able to drink outside anymore. Basically destroying having a beer at a barbecue or something and obviously, everyone hates this. But she seems very passionate and adamant about it. I think she’s being interviewed by the narrator on the steps of wherever they are and guess who comes around the corner? Pie Man comes around the corner and attacks her with a pie just as he did Dean McGowan. So this is basically just like part two of the first time and it happens. He goes to write a story. He writes the story of what happened and after Pie Man attacks actually, he says that Latin phrase that the narrator had written about the first time. He actually says it and he runs away. He flees the scene but somebody, I think the narrator, got a photo of him running a way. He’s wearing a cape and everything. 
Anyways, the story is written. It got published, I guess and the narrator goes to a bar and he sees this girl from his British literature class, I think. I don’t remember her name. Britney? I don’t know. She’s in his class and he says that – first, he starts off by saying they’ve been flirting for two months but then he’s like, “Oh, actually, it’s basically just me flirting with her for two months and I don’t even know if she knows I exist.” He goes to order a round of drinks as he normally would and he feels a tap on his shoulder and it’s the girl from his class. She asks him, “Are you the Pie Man?” and he freezes and thinks for a second and he says, “I know that in the way that she asked me, if I say yes, she will have sex with me.” He could just tell by the way she said it and he thinks and he thinks and I think he runs the story over in his head with all the truths and everything. Oh, and she had also begun with like, “How are you always in the right place at the right time? How are you always there when Pie Man strikes?” and that’s why she asked him if he is Pie Man. He ends up saying yes to her question. He says, “Yes, I am Pie Man” and she says, “Okay. Well, buy me a drink and tell me all about it” and I think that’s the end of the story. 