So the narrator starts off by saying how her and her family grew up in Rhode Island, and she says that no matter where they were, they were always like 20 miles away from the Kennedys. I guess the Kennedys also lived in Rhode Island. She remembers after one Thanksgiving, on the drive back home from grandma’s house, where they were fighting, I guess. Also, I’m guessing this narrator is a bit comedian of sorts and says, “But the radio’s playing something about the 10 year anniversary of Kennedy’s assassination,” and she starts crying and her dad pulls the car over and says, “Never be ashamed of crying because of the Kennedys.” 
And then she fast forwards to their family vacation in Nantucket, I believe. She talks about how her parents are from New Port and so she talks about their vacation in Nantucket and how they would always vacation by the beach and her and her cousins would play in the water while her aunts would be – they would position their chairs looking at the Kennedy residence, which borders the beach. They would put on a lot of sunscreen but they wouldn’t face towards the ocean. They would face towards the property and they would get their high powered binoculars and they would be looking at the property. Just seeing who they could spot of the Kennedy family who would also vacation there around the same time. I assumed. 
So one day, while the aunts are hyper focused on looking at the Kennedy property through their binoculars, the kids are in the water, not being paid any attention by the adults, whatsoever. I’m guessing these are again their kids by the way she was describing the story. They’re playing in the water and they’d get in this half blown boat, I guess. No life vest. No rows or anything. The aunts are just watching the property. I think the narrator says not even twisting her neck just to stretch it. Just to see what’s going on. Kids get in the boat and they start drifting away. I think one of her cousin’s name was Michael. That’s for sure. I don’t remember the other one. They drift away and they drift away and the kids don’t realize how far they have drifted away until they’re really close to a ferry that’s going. I think the ferry was going to Nantucket, actually and they were vacationing somewhere else. I can’t remember the name but I know it was a ferry and they got really close to it. They said they got so close that they could recall and see the individual facial features or just features in general of the passengers of the boat. That’s how close they got. Still, their aunts didn’t see them and at one point, there was a giant wave that came over them and wiped them out. They flipped over from the boat, I assume and as the wave comes over them and they get the water out of their eyes or whatever and they kind of become one again with the world, they look up and it’s two of the Kennedy kids. I don’t remember their names. Or no, there’s four of them. Anyways, it was some descendants of the Kennedy family and they were in a power boat. They just appeared out of nowhere and they saved the kids. They drive them back to shore where their aunts were and, when the kids were floating away on the boat, she had mentioned that her aunts were so far away that they just looked like four dots jumping up and down, and so she said that as the power boat took them back to shore, she could see those four tiny dots jumping up and down slowly turning back into the figures of their aunts. This entire ride back to the shore, she was just mortified of what the consequences would be and what the aunts would do and etcetera, etcetera. They got back to shore and she said she could tell that the aunts just wanted to like kill them - maybe not word for word but you know what I mean. They were so full of anger. They were so upset over what the kids did but as the aunts saw the figures of the people who saved them on the boat, it being the Kennedy people, they had to contain their anger, of course, and they acted all nice and cordial with those people but she said that you could tell that the looks that she would give the kids and the way that she would say something to the kids like how she was very upset like almost like death threats like, “You go lay down on the towel and you put on some sunscreen” or something but it was said up like that passive-aggressive manner, I would assume. 
Anyway, so they were just conversing with the Kennedy people and the Kennedy people left. They’re gone. Bye-bye. The aunts are figuring out a punishment for – also, I just remembered. The narrator’s parents got married in the same church that Jackie and John F. Kennedy got married in somewhere in New Port. Anyways, so the aunts were thinking about punishment for the kids and they say, “You’re not allowed to go in the water for the rest of the vacation.” They made the kids not go on the water, stay on the sand, on the towel, etcetera. Then the narrator says after 30 minutes of trying this, they just couldn’t do it anymore. They had used all the Coppertone and they started fighting with the aunts again about the punishment, and after some time the aunts finally said, “Okay, you know what? Fine. You can go in the water up to your knees.” The kids were excited but then as they actually did it and went in and said – as they went in and actually tried out playing up to their knees they were like, “This isn’t fun. This sucks,” so they started chicken fighting. But there were three of them. It was an odd number. So the chicken fighting didn’t really work. It was her and her cousin, Michael and Mikayla? I don’t remember. So the chicken fighting wasn’t really fun. It wasn’t really working with the three of them. So they got some of the adults involved like her uncles. So, her uncles put them up on their shoulder, they did their chicken fighting and whatnot, and the narrator says that they were chicken fighting, they’re playing, it’s all fun and games and stuff and she accidentally kicks her uncle. I don’t remember his name. She kicks her uncle really, really hard in the side of the head like really hard. She kicks him so hard that his eye pops out of the socket and falls. It falls right into the ocean and sinks right into the water. She was just describing this experience and how it happened so fast. Just one kick from her foot and her uncle’s eye popped out of the socket and fell on the water. She just describes being so mortified by this because A, somebody’s eye got popped out of the socket and fells into the ocean, and B, because she didn’t even know that her uncle had a fake eye. I don’t think any of the kids did. It’s assumed that the parents and the aunts didn’t tell the kids this because they didn’t want the entire neighborhood to find out about this fake eye, which is not even a big deal but they just didn’t want the whole neighborhood talking about it. 
So, there were many reasons for this to be some mortifying, traumatic experience and the narrator was just extra, extra mortified because she was like, “This is the end of my life.” She was like, “We already got in trouble on the boat and what not and now I kicked my uncle’s fake eye out of the socket” and even extra, extra mortified because it was a really expensive – top dollar fake eye, which was really expensive because it’s like magnetic and stays in line with the real eye. So she was like, “Oh, my god!” They’re going to have to get the deposit back on this vacation, the vacation is going to have to be done early so they can afford to buy another top dollar magnetic eye, which was not in the budget. So, she’s looking around in the water. She proceeds back in the water, she’s looking around and she accidentally finds the eye. She picks it up in her hand and she got so scared that she’s holding the eye in her hand that she throws it back in the water and it sinks once again. Once everybody sees that it is possible to find the eye because the narrator did it once, everyone starts looking around again and they’re looking extra hard because they know it’s nearby where the narrator was. It’s not impossible to find it, and I think her uncle finds it. I can’t remember exactly but it is found, and the uncle just pops it back in his eye once it’s found, and he’s just testing it out, moving his eyes around like normal. 
I also remember something. The narrator said that when the adults were mad at the kids, they would call out their names plus their addresses and the narrator grew up on Asylum Road - 181 Asylum Road, I think. She said that’s so fitting, growing up there. Ha-ha. Yes, so the uncle finds the eye, puts it back in his eye socket, it’s totally fine. I think that’s it.  