So, the narrator was talking about how he started his illustrious journalism career at the Ram which was Fordham University's like newspaper. So, he was talking about how he like - the dean at the school, Dean Galligan, he was trying to implement this new measure where they grew the middle working-class students and try implementing more rich students at Fordham University. I think Dean Galligan was a bit ignorant like he cursed the narrator out. He was like, “Shit.” He goes like, “Fuck you.” He told a bunch of slurs in his face. By the way, I don't need to curse, it's just I'm directly quoting what the story said, so please forgive me. So, basically – oh, yes, there was this one Latin quote that his professor would always go. I forgot what that English translation was, but the narrator would always mock the professor because of that quote. In a way, one day, the professor came dressed a certain way and then the guy, the narrator's, made an article for the Ram using the famous Latin quote that the professor would always say out loud. So, then the paper became viral and everyone in the university begin knowing of the professor because of that specific Latin quote. So, the professor gave - no not the dean - the dean, I'm so sorry. The dean gained some sort of fame out of that because of the paper that was published. So, then the guy was known as pie man. I think the guy was known as pie man because he saw a girl one day, I think it was at a bar, that he had been I think hooking up with or his ex-girlfriend or something like that. She asked him, “Are you pie man?” He was hesitant of revealing his actual identity until then he kind of grew pride and that he was pie man, so he was like, “I’m pie man” or whatever. So, yes basically - oh, yes, the narrator lives in the Bronx or something because that’s where Fordham University is located. The new measures he was trying – Dean Galligan was trying to rule out the middle-class working kids and put more rich kids at Fordham which it was something that the narrator disagreed on because it was simply unfair for him in a way. I think that’s basically it for the story. I’m trying to recall some more facts. Oh, yes, also more people would mock Dean Galligan because of the famous Latin quote that he would always phrase. Whenever they’d see him around campus, they yell out that specific quote like in front of his face. Yes, it just gave him like - Dean Galligan, like a bit more praise and recognition, along the university. They know who he was and stuff. Actually, that paper was published in the Ram newspaper. So, the narrator kind of - his paper went really viral across the university which is probably the milestone in his career as a journalist at the university. So, yes, he has done great in doing that paper about Dean Galligan even though they had that disagreement at the beginning of the story. Yes,  