Okay. So, the story begins with Joe Matson retrieving letters from his mailbox, and putting them to read it to his sister, Clara. As he opens the first, he looks out the window while Clara asks him about the contents of the letter and whether or not it relates to their father's business and/or if news is trouble. Joe says that it is not trouble and that it could be, but that he regrets that he's no longer going to be able to play for his local team for much longer. As a result, Clara asks him some questions about whether or not he’s being let go, who the letter is from, and the exact contents of it. Joe continues to be cryptic. He says that he would hope he's not being let go because he done so well in the past. Clara agrees with him. Joe then does a demonstration of his throwing arm and swing his arm around. While his mom comes into the room holding a glass jug, he accidentally knocks the glass jug out of her hands, the glass jug she is using to collect water some plants. He knocks the jug over, spilling water on the floor and cracking, and smashing the jug across the floor. He also drops the letters as a result. His mom is quick to ask if he's okay. I noticed that the jug that he broke - it's a good thing that the jug that he broke is not a good one. After some time, after Joe has mopped up the mess, he picks up the letters. Clara notices the second letter that Joe is holding, which is a square letter that seems to have the handwriting of a woman on it. Clara notices this and asks about the second letter. Joe brushes this off and continues to elaborate about the original letter saying that it is from his manager, Gregory, who is writing to let him know that he's been drafted by the St. Louis team, St. Louis Nationals team and he will likely be playing for them. 
His mom questions why he would be moving so early in the season given that it is only winter. Joe replies that everything is only in the beginning stages. He then proceeds to explain to his mother and sister about the drafting process, and what it is like for Major League teams at the St. Louis team to draft players from smaller local teams and how that process involves him likely being - likely needing to move without any say in the matter. His sister believes that he is being chosen because he is likely one of the best players on his team, the best pitcher on his team. Joe remarks that he doesn't necessarily think that it’s true, but he thanks the sister for the sentiment while his mom remarks that she was never super happy with him taking up baseball as a profession. Throughout the conversation, Joe mentions that he is happy that at the very least, he could make more money playing in the major league and that he would like to be more famous. Then, his sister asked him to stop stalling and discuss the matter on the second envelope asking who wrote the letter. Joe responds that he does not know because it is like the one from his many admirers and he cannot tell without opening the letter, to which he does open the letter and remarks that the letter is from Mabel Valley and that Mabel will likely be visiting the town with her brother, Reggie, in the coming day. The sister asks if they're going to visit them or to stay to see Joe’s family, but they are not as they are traveling and are only passing through the town but will be coming in on the train later that same day. 
Joe wants to know what's happening with the train since there’s a blizzard outside. The train might have delays. He wants to make sure that they are still arriving on time. He decides to go to the train station after asking his sister if she wants to follow him, to which she replies no. Then, Joe begins on his way to the train station. While he's in the snow, he thinks about what it would be like to earn more money and be more famous, and the fact that it's so early in his career that he's being drafted into the major league and allow him that opportunity to be drafted into teams like the New York Giants. He reaches the train station and finds that the train will only be arriving later in the day. That is the earliest time that they will have any information as to when the train is supposed to be arriving. However, it is likely that all of the trains will be late. So, he decided to come in the afternoon. When he comes in the afternoon, the train has still not arrived. The person that he asks for information the train says that the train is likely snowed in and is not going to be able to make it. Although Joe is scared that the train has crashed or derailed, the informant tells him that that is not what happened and that it is just going to be stuck. 