So, at the beginning, he introduces – or he figured out who the characters are, it’s Clara and Joe who are brother and sister, and they’re like sifting through their papers or letters or something. Then they mentioned it’s snowing outside, and then Joe gets a letter, it’s like baseball related or something, and then he has a baseball on his hand, I guess. His mom comes in with a pitcher of water, like a water jug, and she’s going to pour it in a cup, but then he throws the ball – the baseball for some reason and he doesn’t see her. She gets in the way and then I feel like it hits the jug and then it shatters, I think, and then all the water is on the carpet. Then the mom is like, “Oh my gosh, my rug is ruined.” She’s like, “Are you okay?” Then he’s like, “Yes, I just didn’t see you in a way when I was practicing my pitching,” or something because I might get drafted, like the letter said, I could be drafted onto a baseball team, like an actual team. Then the mom for some reason was like, “Draft? That reminds me of the war. You don’t have any choice in it?” He’s like, “No, you don’t have any choice. They just draft you onto whatever team.” She’s like, “What if you want to stay in this team,” and then he’s like, “Well, you don’t have a choice. Who even says I want to stay here? I’ll make more money in Missouri.” I think it was Missouri. “I’ll make more money in Missouri anyway.” Then he’s like – agrees with her that a lot of people find a problem in the system, in the baseball drafting system because the players don’t have a choice, and sometimes they don’t want to get drafted in the other teams in the major league, but they end up happy to leave and leave their team in their home city and stuff or wherever they live, I guess. He said that he hasn’t been part of this system long enough to find any problems with it. He hasn’t been looking for any problems so far, so he’s been fine. Then the mom… Wait, I think the sister says something about him practicing his pitches or something, and then they looked outside and it's snowing even worse and it’s turning into a blizzard. They obviously can’t play baseball right now, like this is not a good time for baseball. Then later for some reason, he’s going to the train or something, and the guy is like, you can’t like – “You’re going to be waiting here a long time. Your train isn’t coming.” Then Joe is like, “What?” Wait, also, on the way there, he got a letter from the Cardinals or something. He’s like, “I can’t imagine that I’m going to be on a major league team. I’m so lucky. I didn’t expect that to happen so soon.” But then, anyway, back to the train, then the guy is like, “Yes, your train isn’t coming.” Joe says why not? The guy says – or Joe says, “Is it a crash?” Then the guy says, “No, it’s not a crash, but it’s almost just as bad. The train stalled,” and then Joe is like, “What? I have friends on that train.” Then that is the end of that. Let’s see if I can remember anything else from before.  Okay. I’m done.  Then earlier also, when he’s looking at one letter – I mean, one envelope and then the other envelope is still on the floor and it’s unopened, then the sister is teasing like, “I’m going to read that one. Who is that one from?” Then he says, “Oh, just from one of my secret admirers. I can never be able to tell who it’s from,” and then he opens it and then he sort of recognizes the name. Okay, I’m done. 