Okay. The lady was saying how she’s taught third grade, and she's being a fun teacher and do things like bringing a stuffed animal rock band to teach the students about the 50 states and stuff, and she’s teaching about the Oregon Trail. So, she decided to do it and finally get in character and wear a bonnet and have like a fake persona of the wagon leader of the Oregon Trail. Then when she told them that, the kid named Alex that she doesn't like and is kind of a smart aleck said like, “Is it going to be a game?” and she said, “Yes, it's going to be a game”. It’s a mix of Dungeons & Dragons and the Oregon Trail video game. They have to roll the dice to decide what happens to them. Then every day, the kids were like, “Is someone going to die?” because they really wanted – earlier, when Alex said, “Is this a game?” The teacher is like, “Yes, a dangerous game.” Then every day the kids were like, “Is someone going to die?” because they really wanted someone to die, and they all get new names. The teacher printed out names of people who actually died on the real Oregon Trail, and then all the students had to go by their normal first name and then their last name is switched with one of the names that that the teacher printed out. Then later in the story, I guess, she said that she printed out plans every day, but then one day she decided to give them a little brush with death because she's getting kind of sick of them asking if someone’s going to die all the time. Then when they got to the Rockies, she said that's the most treacherous part of the journey. She said that the wagon fell and broke and somebody got wedged between it and then they all had to roll the dice to see who was that that got wedged between the wagon, and it was this little girl named Katie, who she said sounds like she's been smoking since age three and is tiny. Then her name was like Catherine or something for her, the name that she got for the Oregon Trail, but the teacher really didn't want – oh, yes, something I forgot in the story, she wanted to teach them how dangerous the actual Oregon Trail is, so she had them walk 40 streets in Manhattan, which is two miles. There's a water fountain and one person is like, “Can I get water?” Then she's like, “Yes, there is no water on the Oregon Trail, so you can't.” Then the kid is like, “There's a water fountain there,” and then she realized that she didn't want to have to deal with the parent phone calls, so she was like, “Oh, yes, go to the stream. Everyone can drink water.” The same thing happened here where she didn't want to hear the parent phone calls, so she didn't want Katie to actually die in the Oregon Trail, but then she had Katie roll to see if she can get out or not. She obviously got out, but then she rolled again and that it was that her legs were infected. Then the teacher thought about a plan beforehand. She had them roll to see if - or had Katie roll to see if her legs will get worse or better for the infection. Then she rolled and it got even worse, and then teacher had no more plans. Then Katie looked up and she’s like, “Am I dead?” and then the teachers freaking out because she would have to deal with the consequences of having a funeral for a kid on the side of the Oregon Trail in her class. Then this one kid in the back named Ellis - also something else I forgot is that earlier in this story, she said that everybody got fake professions and all the girls wanted to be pop stars, but she gave them legitimate professions that people in the Oregon Trail could’ve had. They’re like farmers, and then this kid is a doctor, and this kid’s like, “I’m a doctor. I’m a doctor,” then ran to the front of the class to help heal Katie's legs, and then the teacher was like, “Okay if you can roll a dice and if you get a six, you die, and any other thing, you live.” Then Katie went to shake it and then someone's like, “Shake it again for luck.” Then she did it again and then she rolled, and then it was a three, so she was safe. Everyone was celebrating, and then she made it so that the rest of the way to get to Oregon City there was no more problems and nobody else died because she just wanted to be done. Then they had a little party at the end with cornbread and music. That is the end of the story. 