Okay. So far, from what I can tell, is it started off with this woman as a teacher. It’s sounds like a comedian, in my opinion, but she's a teacher teaching the third grade, and she’s teaching her kids about the Oregon Trail, so she decided to make this into a game. She made her children participate in this game, and being realistic about it, she had them actually walking around Manhattan. They all had to pick their certain characters, and some of them wanted to be famous pop stars, and that wasn't going to work because it's not realistic. And then, [Pause] one person asked for water, and he’s at a fountain but that wasn’t realistic, but she said she didn’t want to make that call to the parent, somebody wouldn't give the kids water, so she’s going, “Ooh, a stream.” Let's see. They passed by a person selling snake oil, which in other words, is a con man, and all the kids didn't know that for sure, obviously, so they did take on to it, and then after that, they ended up all going sick, throwing up, not literally, but part of the thing that they’d be throwing up right now, obviously. After that, [Pause] I believe [Pause] they met few other people on the trail, and this happened in a new day, like the next day in class, the next day in class, yada, yada. One person, I think it was Katie, I believe, that picked the card, and that card was - the card was – you roll the dice and then the card ended up her being sick with something, and then when she got sick [Pause] - the teacher didn't think this will happen. She didn’t think it was possible. So, she had to make up an excuse for this thing that’s happening to her, but then a child in the back said that she was a doctor, because they had a doctor on one of the characters they chose for the Oregon Trail, and then they went over there just with the fake medical bag, hypothetically, whatever, and then they came to her and had to roll a dice. It had to be six, I believe, for her to live. If she rolled a six then she will die from the sickness, so they had to roll anything, but a six. All the kids were being very anticipating in this situation, and they’re trying to figure out, hopefully, nothing will happen. [Pause] Also, last thing was they ended up getting a three, so she survived the sickness. All the kids are happy. She said it was like the Apollo 13 thing, yada, yada, throwing papers in the air. They were excited. Lastly, later on, when she saw her in 9th grade, when the teacher saw Katie in 9th grade, she came to her and said, “Remember when you almost died on the Oregon Trail?” They both laughed, and then – yes, 