All right. A story with a sister and brother, okay? They were waiting on this letter from the mail and her brother got it. They’re just reading it; it was two of them and when he got the mail, they’re talking and figured they’re going to need some extra money soon. So, he decides that he’s going to – well, actually before that, he’d finding out if he’s going to be able to stay on the baseball team that he’s on now because he fears he might not be on there long. So, that’s what they’re waiting with the letters and all that. So, he was practicing with his bat and Mrs. – someone, Matterson or - I forgot the name but was coming now with water and his sister was like, “Wait,” but he started swinging and she was coming down when she started swinging. I mean, when he started swinging she was coming down with water and then he hit the water jug where  and that went on the ground and she was like, what are you doing? What were you thinking? So, he was trying to tell her that he was trying to prepare himself for his arm because he’s going to be – trying to use this new thing to go to a new baseball team to help with extra money and then he actually end up reading the letters and he’s telling his mom about the draft of going to another team. She said something like,  or something, like, “Why do you have to do it, like they’re making you do it? Why can’t just stay on your own team,” she says. Then he reads one of the letters saying that his friends or family, whatever which one of those two, are coming on a train. They’re just coming on a trip and they’re just going to come see them. A couple of days and then, he gets out, going outside in snowy weather, goes on a train and then he finds out that the train has been stalled. The train has stalled and it’s trapped with snow or something like that. Then that’s when he found out that his friends must have been trapped with snow. So, he thinks to himself, “Oh, no.” His friend must be trapped with snow and he wants to know if he can actually help them because he wants to know. Then, yes,  Okay, I am not done. All right, anything else, I didn’t even - so, I think that’s everything though. I’m trying to think something regarding this. Oh, well, the teams that he wanted to get on was the New York Giants, I believe. That was the other team he wanted to get on because he wanted a team that can give him more money and the team he’s on now wasn’t going to give him that money, extra money. So, he wanted to make sure he had just enough money. So, previous stuff and all the other stuff and he did get a letter from the team that he’s on now, and they’re saying that there’ll be – it’s hard for him to go, but he did have a clause with them and it says that he can’t sign to another team without them releasing him. So, he was on a contract when it comes to that.  