Okay. I guess, I'm supposed to be talking now. I'm sorry. The story starts out with two siblings named Clara and Joe. Joe goes out to get the mail and comes back with two letters. Clara's like, “Oh, Joe, please tell me it's not bad news,” as he's reading the letter. She said, “Tell me it's not father's business,” et cetera. He’s like, “No, no. It's not bad news, but I didn't think I would be leaving my baseball team so soon,” and I can't remember what the team is, but he pretty much gets a letter about how he's going to be leaving his team because he got signed on to a major league baseball team, St. Louis Cardinals, I think. So, they’re like, “Oh, yay!” His sister is talking slang about sports, and he's making fun of her. He throws back his arm to do like an imaginary pitch. In that moment, his mom walks through the door, and he knocks a glass water jug out of her hand and shatters it everywhere. Then they have a full conversation about the baseball team, but honestly I can't remember it that well. Also, it's snowing outside. I forgot. After he reads the letter, it is snowing outside and he looks at it, out the window. Anyway. So, he has an entire conversation with his mother and sister about the baseball team. After his mother leaves, he finally returns his attention to the second letter, which is like square and thick. His sister Clara asks where it's from and he's like, “Oh, it's from one of my many admirers.” He opens it, and it's from a girl named Mabel Varley, and I think her brother's name is Regie. Anyway, it’s from a girl named Mabel Varley that he likes. She is going to be returning into town, and she wants to visit Joe and Clara, and so they’re both very excited by this prospect, and they really like Mabel, I suppose. So, he and Clara chat about that, and then he decides to head down to the train station to check, because they're not sure when she's arriving. When he goes down to the depot, he finds out that there's a problem. There's a delay with the trains, I believe, because of the weather. He’s like, “Oh, no, my friends,” Unfortunately, that's all I really remember. The story kind of droned on for a long time, especially, about baseball, and that is not something that I could wrap my mind around and really remember key details about, but that is the gist of the story, from what I remember. I know I'm supposed to talk for four minutes, but  No. [Pause] I guess I'm still going. [Pause] Oh, no. This is as much detail as I have.