Okay. So, the story is being told obviously by some kind of stand-up comedian, and she is recalling a story in which she taught like third grade social studies. She really enjoys making a game out of everything and she does really wacky things, loves crazy antics, and her next unit is on the Oregon Trail. She has a game planned out. This kid named Alex Bacon is I guess snarky or whatever, he said, “Is it going to be a game?” She’s like, “Yes, it’s going to be game. Duh!” So, her grand plan is to just pretty much walk around - I think she said 40 blocks in New York City, and they just do this like day after day after day I guess to mimic the like 800, 900 - I don’t remember how many she said miles of the Oregon Trail. It was a very grueling, long journey.
So, they’re just like walking block after block and these kids are tired, and this kid is thirsty and she’s trying to be realistic but she’s struggling because she also can’t withhold water from like a child. She’s like, “I’m thirsty.” She’s like, “There’s no water on the Oregon Trail.” He’s like, “There’s a fountain right over there.” And so she caves and she’s like, “Oh, a stream! How fortunate.” So then they drink water, and they carry on. My goodness, I can’t remember. It all kind of runs together. At some point, they are heading into like the Rockies, which is supposed to be like this scary, grueling part of their journey, and these kids really want someone to die. Like they’re waiting for something interesting to happen, and she’s foreshadowed that someone’s going to die but no one has yet, because the ethics of fake killing a kid in your classroom probably is not the best, and she’d probably get an angry parent phone call. So she was kind of trying to flake on it but, eventually, she gives in. 
There’s this girl named Katie her, I guess, her Oregon Trail name is Catherine something, she’s a farmer. Something happens to her. She has her roll, and Katie’s legs get crushed by a wagon. Katie has to roll to see if she loses her legs or she dies, whatever. Her legs are fine but she gets very badly infected. So then, she has Katie roll and she’s really regretting her choices because she’s realizing that somebody might actually die and then somebody really sad because she didn’t think about what happens to a kid that died in Oregon Trail because I can’t really walk with the rest of them, plus in New York City. So, Katie rolls and her infection is really bad and she’s going to die, and the teacher’s kind of like flaking until this kid yells like, “Wait, I’m a doctor!” I can’t remember what her name is but it’s this little girl and she happens to be a doctor on the Oregon Trail and she’s not very useful like she couldn’t hunt or anything but she saved her at this moment. 
So, the little girl comes up to help and the teacher’s like, “Okay, all you have to do is roll anything but a six to live. If you roll a six, you die.” They roll a three. Katie is miraculously saved and they carry on their happy way. I think after while she becomes tired of this because there’s so much still to do so she kind of wraps up the game. The last trial she mentions is in the classroom, she says that there’s a wild animal in the bushes and they have to find out what this wild animal is, and so they roll and it’s a baby wolf and they called it something silly. They all loved the baby wolf and they care for it. I don’t really remember how she ends off the story but I guess her Oregon Trail game was a huge success.
Then, she said a few years later on Broadway she actually saw Katie which was the little girl who’s going to die in her little game, and she said Katie had just like looks like she’s been stretched but she looked virtually the same, just a taller version of herself. The only I guess, the first thing that Katie said to her was, “Remember when I almost died in the game?” That was the whole story. I feel like I’m missing a lot but that is what I remember. 