The story starts off with the main character talking about his beginning with a major in journalism, or I don’t know if it’s a hobby. In the beginning, he’s about to interview Dean, starts with an M. The dean is a really horrible person who nobody likes. The advisor to the journalism department or something calls him a dick a couple of seconds later, but basically, at the very beginning, with this dean, well, the whole issue with this dean, first of all, is that he wants to raise the tuition. So that the narrator describes the people who currently go to the school as, I think, middle class with part-time degree or part-time jobs and stuff. The dean wants to change that and change into students who are richer by raising the tuition well above inflation. Right before or right after, the narrator asked a question about that. Then some guy comes and pies the dean in the face. Then after that happens, the narrator asked, “Would you like to comment on this recent attack,” and the dean says. “Fuck you.” So then,  afterwards, then the journalism advisor, like I mentioned, said that - when the narrator brings this story to him, he’s like, “Oh, you should run it,” because like I said, he called him a dick. He also does not like him. No one in campus likes this guy. So then, the main character runs the story. He starts off by basically telling the truth the whole time and just laying out the details of what goes on. Then he says that this is his first time, I guess not making a mistake, but dabbling in something that he explicitly called lying or just not telling the truth, where he starts to add these features to the attacker with the pie and calls him Pie Man. He talks about how he has a cape and a catchphrase that’s – it’s in Latin, which the narrator points back to his Catholicism because of that. So, he just randomly knows Latin for some reason. The Latin, I don’t remember what the Latin is. It starts with ego or something, but it translates to “I’m not an animal.” So then, the whole campus is buzzing about this post. Then the narrator gets an email from Pie Man saying, “Oh, if you want to hear more about this, then meet me at the stairs of this building at 2:00 PM,” or something like that.
So then, the main character goes with the photographer from the department. They go to the stairs at 2:00 PM and a woman walks down the stairs, one of their classmates, Sheila, and she’s the class body or the body class president, student body president, something like that. She’s one of the students that the dean, Dean M, wants more of in the school, basically. The narrator also mentions how they might have been having an affair or something. Moving on, then she gets pied as well. Then they get a picture of Pie Man with the cape and with his little catchphrase, “Running away, running away,” and that’s the picture for the headliner. Then the narrator goes on to say something like, “I posted four more or five more blogs about this, four more articles about Pie Man,” and they were all written by him, blah-blah-blah. Then later on, he goes into a bar and there’s a girl there who he mentioned he’s been flirting with. He mentioned at first that they had been flirting with each other, and then he goes on to say that or he’d been flirting with – he’s just been flirting with her and he didn’t even know if she knew his existence. So, he goes and sits down at the bar, where she comes up and taps him on the shoulder. He turns around into her and she’s like, “I have a question. Me and my friends were just talking about this,” and he is the only one who’s been talking about, or not the only one who’s been talking about Pie Man, but the person who’d put out those recent articles about Pie Man. So then, she’s asking him like, “Oh, you know so much about Pie Man. We wanted to know if you are Pie Man.” Then he’s going into his little inner monologue, talking about like, “Oh, if I say yes, then she’ll definitely have sex with me.” Then he tries to justify everything that goes. He tries to justify saying yes or replying yes, and saying that he is Pie Man because technically, he did make Pie Man. Because initially, this dude did not even have a name. It was just a guy with a pie smashing into the dean’s face, and then only after he named him Pie Man, gave him a little slogan, and then gave him a cape. Did he put those on after the fact? So then, he replies, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then she goes, “Great. Buy me a beer.” I believe that’s the end of the story. So, I’m done.