So, the beginning of the story starts out with the woman mentioning how hard her family grew up near the Kennedys. I think it was 20 miles in Providence, Rhode Island and then it pans to another scene where they’re in the car and the main character, I guess, is relating – or no, they’re hearing a story on the radio in the car and they’re driving down I95 and they’re hearing a story on the radio in their car about JFK’s assassination and then the main character starts crying towards her sister. Mentions, oh, like “Why is she crying right now?” then the dad pulls over on the side of the road and turns around and he’s like, “Don’t ever feel bad about crying for that man.” Then afterwards, she pans to the beach and how they have this summer house that was also new to Kennedys and how four of her aunts would spend time like spying on the Kennedys because they were right there. Instead of paying attention to – I guess, yes, instead of paying attention to the kids, they would have these high-tech binoculars to watch the Kennedys and I think the last line of that one part was something like, “Oh, we don’t see John around” or something like that. Then it pans through – they’re still like the beach and then because the aunts never really paid attention much to the kids which was – it was the main character and I guess two of her cousins, then they didn’t know that one time they go into this boat and then they accidentally tied out into the sea where they realized that they were so far out when they were able to make out the distinct features of the tourist faces on the ferry ship. They didn’t really know how to get back and then the way – then they described their four aunts on the shore as like little dots and then I think two of the Kennedys came in a motorboat and came to pick them up and saved them and they bring them at the shore and stuff, and I guess, there was one line that said something about like, “Oh, we were getting picked up,” like they mentioned first it was the Kennedys. Actually, they knew it was the Kennedys and then they were like, “Oh, but we’re getting picked up by a motorboat,” which makes me think that they didn’t really care it was the Kennedys that much. But anyways, then they went back to the shore and they described their aunts as being like completely angry and mad at them for like, “Oh, why did you do that? Why did you do that?” Blah, blah, blah, but then they realized that it was the Kennedys who helped them get back and then it kind of panned into like from, “Why did you do that?” into “Why did you bother the Kennedys?” Then from there, I guess, this is their first time meeting any of the Kennedys, so that now they’re seeing the Kennedys and it kind of describes like when the Kennedys finally get away, it kind of made it seem like they were able to – they were talking to like a long, long period of time and then we get to – they are finally leaving and then one of the aunts said something like, “Oh, say hi to your grandmother for me,” and then they get like physical and like – or no, I guess, characteristic descriptions of each of the grand – or each of the aunts where one of them I remember would say like nice things in a mean tone. Then after that, since that whole fiasco went down, they had to make a rule where their kids can no longer get into the water anymore. When it was really hot outside, then one of the aunts would then - they were able to get in the water, but then they can only get into the water – or they weren’t able to get into the water because they didn’t respect the sea or something like that, but then when they finally were able to get into the water, then they had a rule where you can only go up to your knees in the water. Then at first, they were ecstatic about it, they were so happy they were ablet to get into the water because it was so hot outside, but then they realized how not fun it was because being up to the water in only your knees as little kids is not fun. So, then they decided to play chicken which the narrator describes is being kind of awkward because there was only three of them and then their uncle comes in and starts to help them play chicken. And then his daughter gets on his shoulders or their uncle Al, his daughter gets on his shoulders and then the narrator gets on their cousin’s shoulders. And they’re playing chicken or whatever and then she accidentally kicks her uncle on the face really hard and his eye pops out and then they realized, “Oh why his eye popped out?” The whole time it’s because they eye was fake and no one really realized it was fake and then the aunts are going crazy again. Then the cousins are like, “Oh,” I think both of the cousins are related to uncle Al or those are his children, but they’re both looking at the narrator and they’re like, “Why did you just…?” blah, blah, blah. She’s describing herself as being like - she’s not going to find anymore. She prays to God for no more happiness until the eye is found, so she’s looking into the water for the eye and stuff and one of her – uncle Al’s husband is angry because that caused a leg, really expensive and they didn’t have a more budget to get the eyes and the main character is looking – the narrator is looking for this eye again and she’s sifting through and then finally she finds the eye, but because it’s an eyeball in the water, she gets scared, screams and drops it again. But now everybody realizes that they have the ability to actually find the eye. So, everyone is sifting through in like an hour and they are able to find the eye. I think it was one of the cousins that was able to find the eye, then she kind of describes herself as kind of like the black sheep of the family now, and she was never really flee integrated back into it, but then she mentioned this one part or before that, where like two other Kennedys, Michael and someone else, I think.  The Kennedys, like kids, see them and she would describe the look on their faces as being – that they knew exactly what happened and they’ve seen everything that went down and stuff. Yes, I’m done.  