The story started with the guy saying he was a journalist, like a reporter for The Ram, which was the student newspaper at Fordham. One time, he had to do an interview of the dean. Then they were sitting there, but as he was interviewing him, someone came in with a cream pie and then put it in the dean's face, and then left. Then the dean had all this cream on him and then he asked the dean, “Would you care to comment on the recent attack?” Then the dean said, “Yes. Fuck you.” Then the reporter brought the story back to the journal I guess and asked someone who was there if he could run it through the paper, and so he did but when he was writing it, he embellished it a little bit. He called the guy Pie Man, and said he was wearing a cape and that he had a catchphrase in Latin that was like “I'm not an animal”. Yes, then it went into the newspaper and then when it came out, he got a letter from Pie Man that said, “If you want to see me in action, meet me at some stairs.” When he went there, Sheila, the class president was walking out of the library. No one really likes her because she was trying to ban drinking on campus or something, so the Pie Man came out in costume and pied her in the face. Then the guy talking brought a camera person with him, and so they got a picture of it and then they put that in the newspaper and it ran again. Then over time, they ran five stories about Pie Man and stuff and it became a big hit. Then one time, he was at a bar and he said there's this girl there, Angela, and they had been flirting for two months, but actually, it was more just him flirting with her for two months but he wasn’t doing anything about it. He made a mental note that she was there but didn't do anything about it. Then at one point, Angela came up to him and tapped him on the shoulder and said, “Are you Pie Man? Because you always seem to know where he is.” He wasn't Pie Man but he was saying like he basically is because he created him and everything, but in reality, he had never seen the guy that actually is Pie Man out of costume. He doesn’t know who it is, so he just told her that yes, he's Pie Man. Then she was like, “Buy me a beer and then tell me all about it.” Then that was the end of the story.  I don't really know what else to say.