The person in the story is a journalist that started working in The Rams at Fordham University. He was going to interview the dean of Fordham who is starting this new rule where they wanted less - they wanted to increase the tuition to make sure that there were less middle-class students and more upper-class students. So, he grabs his notebook, went up to the dean, Dean Gower, and asked him, “Is it true or what are your thoughts on the increase of tuition above the inflation rates?” When this guy next to him pied the dean and he calls - and then the dude giving the talk said Dean Gower would - and then the dean said to him something about - called him something derogatory. I don't really remember what it was. Then the Pie Man struck and then he asked, “What do you think about this most recent attack?” The dean just said, “Fuck you.” Then the journalist went back to Rams, the head director and said, “I have this story.” The editor was really interested and told him to write it up, and when he was writing up the story, he added some details. For example, saying that the Pie Man was wearing a cape and gave him a Latin catchphrase something along the lines of, “I am the Beast.” Even though this has not happened and he called this embellishing the story and also said that, “I was just making shit up,” even though - he also says that in journalism, making shit up is not necessarily a good idea, it’s not praised upon, but he did it anyways. After the story was published the next day in the front page because the editor liked it a lot, the editor got an email from the Pie Man saying to meet him at a specific spot.
There was this girl called Sheila who was the dean’s ideal demographic for students at Fordham. She was wealthier and there was a rumor that her and the dean slept together and together they work to ban outdoor drinking which stopped allowing people to get alcohol at barbecues. The journalist said that he thought this was an awful idea. So then, what happened was the Pie Man just pied her face with a cream pie. Then when he went to go see the Pie Man the second time, so this time with Sheila, he got the Ram’s photographer. So, he ended up getting a photo of Pie Man leaving the scene, fleeing the scene with a cape, which he didn't have the first time. So afterwards, he went back for another article and in the article, he also used the same Latin catchphrase even though he didn't say that. Then after the photo was released, a bunch of people in Fordham started dressing up as the Pie Man. Later on, he just continued writing articles about the Pie Man and embellishing different things until he went to this bar one day and saw this girl called Angela who he had been flirting with. He was kind of implying that it was unrequited love because he was flirting with her but he wasn't sure if she even knew him. So, he later went to the bar, went to get a round of shots, and then Angela went up to him and said - tapped him on the shoulder and went up to him and said, “Okay. So, me and my friends were just talking about the Pie Man and you always seem to know when the Pie Man - when and where the Pie Man is going to strike. Are you Pie Man?” He was like, “Am I not Pie Man?” He made up all of these things about Pie Man and he was saying - but the look in her eyes, he knew that if he said yes to the question and said that he was Pie Man, Angela would be doing something with him, would have sex with him. So, he gave a little white lie and said yes and then Angela was like, “Okay. Well, then buy me a beer and let's talk about it.” Then the story ends. I'm done.