The story starts with a woman speaking about how she thinks that her life had been somewhat intertwined with the Kennedys and goes on to say that there was a drive home from a Thanksgiving dinner with her dad when they were listening to the radio, and he had said that it was all right to cry for that man. She explains she goes into family vacations, and she would go away with her aunts and uncles and cousins, and they would always go right near where the Kennedys would stay. The aunts would put beach chairs on the beach, and they would bring binoculars, and every year, they’d run through the same conversation points, and that's when the speaker starts to retell about how one of the Kennedys isn't around that much and, “Oh, there's this one,” and they’d point out the same things and then they break for lunch and they’d watch off the kids in the water and then they’d come back, and all afternoon they’d do the same thing.
There were two Kennedys who the narrator had mentioned previously, saying that her parents got married in the same church as Jack and Jackie Kennedy. The husband kind of gave the wife a replica of jewelry that the Kennedys had given to each other. Now, they’re on vacation. They were saying how their aunts were really distracted watching this family, and these aunts did not look at the kids at all. They were very transfixed with the Kennedys instead. One day the kids found some type of a raft. They didn't have oars or life vest and they just got in the raft, and they started to float away from land, and they were not processing how far away they were getting. It was this woman and her cousins, and eventually, they go out far enough where they can no longer really make out their aunts on the beach, but they can make out the people on this ferry passing by, and after they realized, the two boys on a motorboat come up and find them, and it turns out to be two of the Kennedy boys.
So, these two boys go and help the children, and they bring them onto their boat. Afterwards, they start heading back to shore. The narrator is mentioning that the aunts, they look furious, and she starts recalling the ways the aunts will react. So, one will react by saying their full name and where they live, and the narrator grew up on Asylum Road, and then the other aunt will say things in a really mean tone, but it's actually really nice, and so she’ll say, “You sit here and you lay out on the sand and dry off,” but it would be in a mean tone. The narrator then starts to realize that as she's going back, that means that these two Kennedys are going to have to witness what their aunts are going to say. What happens is that these aunts are almost starstruck by these two kids and that interferes with how they would normally react.
So, the kids are told that they can't go in the water. That's their punishment, but after 30 minutes of begging and complaining on the sand, they're told that they can go in up to their knees. After a minute, they realized how boring it really was to just being to their knees so they start trying to have chicken fights, but it's only three of them, so they do the best they can. This way, they can get like fully submerged once they fall off or fall down. Then their uncle, who never plays with them, decides to come and join the chicken fight, and so he lifts up his daughter and the narrator gets on her cousin's back and accidentally, the narrator, kicks her uncle in the head and out pops his eye, and his eye sinks into the water.
 She had no idea that he had a fake eye, and the aunt is furious. Her cousins are looking at her like, “You broke our dad,” and the aunts yelling about how it synced to the other eye, how it’s going to cost so much to fix, and so she feels so bad and so she's looking for this eye, and she’s trying to find it, and then she finds it and she drops it. Then one of the cousins end up coming back and finding it, and he gave it to her uncle, and he pops it back in, and he moves his eyelids to try and see if it's working, and it looks like it's just fine. She says she doesn't know how - she didn't realize it was a fake eye before because now that she knows, it's really obvious, and then she looks and she sees two Kennedy boys  are standing on the beach and their faces can only mean that they have been actually watching this entire thing unfold. So, instead of her family watching the Kennedys, the Kennedys are watching them.