Hello there. So, I will forewarn that I'm dealing with a bit of a cold. So, I do apologize for any sniffling and whatnot. Anyways. So, from what I recall about the story, it starts off with Joe and, I believe, his sister Clara. It sounds like they're at home together, and it's the winter. They're looking out the window as, I guess, Joe's talking about being excited for, I guess, what it's going to be his soon-to-be baseball career. What's interesting is that it starts off with reminiscence, and then I guess he gets eager and excited about the prospect of him likely being soon drafted to a major league team. So, it's just not him just thinking about baseball. It's a future that is going to be soon become the spearhead of his life. This is about the time that his mother enters into the scene, I think, Momsey. Basically, as he's acting out his little daydream or whatnot, he knocks over something on his mother's new carpet. She's not really overly upset. She just like, “Oh, no. It's going to ruin my carpet.” but aside from that, everything seems jovial. It seems like a family gathering because with the snow starting to fall outside. It seems like maybe it's family getting together for the holidays, and Joe's taking this as an opportunity to inform his family and explain to them about how the drafting process works for players going into the major leagues and basically explaining to his mother all the different intangibles that go in with joining into a team. Like not necessarily having control to a team that you go to, not being able to just up and leave a team because there's the agreements between the other teams that basically keeps the structure where - yes, players are almost treated like collateral in a sense. His mother expresses concern because she's almost equating the term draft to the military definition. In some ways, it shows some similarity that you're being basically taken and not necessarily having direct control over where you're going, and you're also expected to perform, [Laughter] and that's your job. 
After reassuring his mother he's well aware, he's well-informed of what he's getting himself into, his mother relents. Still a little hesitant about wrapping her mind around her son making baseball his fulcrum, like his main thing and his living. So, I'm assuming that it's pretty far back in time where major leagues were still in their infancy, and I believe it was - the main character's name was Joe Madison or something like that. Anyway, after talking a bit more with his mother and his sister, reminiscing a bit more about - and how their local team is going to be losing their best pitcher, Joe, he makes the decision that he's going to go to the station because, I believe, the opposing team for one of the last local games he's going to be playing in the area, he wanted to go get a look at the competition, just see what they were up against. Before he goes outside, he asks his sister if she would like to accompany him, and I do believe from there, she declines because the snowing has intensified. It's about midway through his journey as he's thinking about, “Wow, the St. Louis Cardinals,” as being the likely area he's going to end up - right away, he expressed, I would say, maybe some nervousness, a little anxiety he hid from the rest of the family members as he thought, “Wow, it's early for me to really be put into a full major league team.” Once he gets to the station, hoping to see the opposition, he is instead met with worsening weather conditions that hinder that original intent, and I believe, from about there, the story tapers off from what I can remember. Yes. So, from there, that's roughly what I can recall off the top of my head. So, I will say I'm done.