So, our speaker this time is a journalist who started in the Bronx. He was a student at Fordham University and he was at some sort of event or something where the dean was speaking. So, he was a reporter. He was a journalist and he was there, he was watching, and then he saw an event - he watched a man pull out a cream pie and throw it at the dean. The dean is all pissed and so our speaker takes the chance to ask the dean, “How do you feel about the recent events that have occurred?” The dean responds with something along the lines of, “Fuck that guy.” Our speaker asks this other guy about it and I think he said something along the lines of the dean deserved it. So, our speaker starts writing an article about it and he says that he does some embellishments which he tells us is code for he was making shit up. So, he claims that this Pie Man who he names him, capital P, capital M, showed up with a mask and a cape and threw the pie and as he was running away, said his catchphrase which was in Latin which translates roughly to, “I am not an animal.” So, he takes this article to his editor, supervisor or whatever and they publish it and it's really popular, and so our speaker gets a letter in the mail that says something along the lines of, I think it was, “I liked your article. If you want to see me in action again, meet me outside of this library or go to this library at around…” I think it was 2:00 or something and then it was signed Pie Man. So, when our speaker goes there with a photographer for The Ram which was the newspaper that he worked at, it is the student body president whose speaking. She was a student who the speaker describes her as different from the rest of the population of Fordham because the rest of the population of Fordham was part-time workers, whatever, whatever. She was well-bred and he says that the dean would have wanted more students like her at the school. She had recently worked with the dean to instill a no drinking alcohol in public rule and this was called the no beer in barbecues or something. So, she was widely disliked at the time and so the speaker says, “You know what happens next.” The Pie Man shows up, makes his delivery, and runs off, screaming his catchphrase, his Latin catchphrase. Then the speaker says – so that’s what it said in the newspaper the next day. So, the speaker has made quite a name for himself writing about Pie Man. Then one day, he's at a bar and he sees this girl, I think Angela, who he says he's been flirting - they've been flirting for around two months and then he says - well, he's been flirting with her around two months and then he says something along the lines of – well, it’s nuanced so she might not really even know that he's been flirting with her. So, he says that he makes a mental note that she's there so that he cannot go talk to her all night and then after he goes - he heads up to the bar and after a little while, he feels a tap on his shoulder and it turns out it was Angela. He turns around and he talks to her and she says, she asks him, “Me and my friends were discussing this. How do you always seem to know where Pie Man is? Are you Pie Man?” So, the speaker says, at this moment, he knew that if he answered yes, he would get to have sex with Angela. So, he tells the audience, he's like, “I really was Pie Man, wasn't I?” He talked about how he's the only reason that Pie Man exists, he’s the only reason that she knew about Pie Man. So, he says she asked a very straightforward question. She asked if I was Pie Man and I was not. So, I told her I was and then she says, “Well, buy me a beer and tell me about it then.” Then the story ends there. 