So, the speaker, Mikayla, has for her entire childhood lived within 20 miles of the Kennedys in Providence, Rhode Island. One day, while Mikayla, her sister, and her parents were going home, Mikaela – it was the 10th anniversary of JFK’s assassination and there was a radio broadcast and Mikayla starts crying. Her sister says something along the lines of, “Dad, she’s crying.” So, her dad pulls over to the shoulder of the road and says to the girls, “Never feel ashamed for crying for that man.” So, the speaker goes on to talk about how she and her family vacationed at the same cove as the Kennedys and how when they were on vacation, her four aunts would stay on the beach, they would set up their beach chairs perfectly. Not facing the water, not facing the sun to tan, to bathe, to sunbathe, but facing the Kennedys to just spy on them. In the blistering heat, they would have these binoculars that would just spy on the Kennedys. Every now and then, they would see someone new that they had to deliberate about. They would draw their entire family tree in the sand and then decide who it was and then they would go, “It’s Bobby’s kid.” They said something along the lines of, “Don’t mention Bobby to the grandma. She’s already gone through enough stress or something.” So, this whole time while the aunts are spying on the Kennedys, Mikayla, the speaker and her cousins are playing around on this plastic raft and they decide – they start pushing it out towards the sea or towards the water and I think a riptide catches them or something and then they got brought out to sea, and they realized that – well, the speaker talks about how if the aunts had taken a break from spying on the Kennedys for a second, they would’ve seen these kids do this and would’ve noticed and stopped them but they didn’t. So, Mikayla and her cousins are on this raft and they’re headed out to the sea and they realize that they’ve gone way too far when they start seeing very – in very close detail the ferry that’s out in the sea. So, they realized that they’re out and then a giant wave crashes over them, and when the water clears out of their eyes, they see that there’s this powerboat that’s come to save them. They realized that on the powerboat are two of the Kennedy people, Michael and David. They get on this boat with Michael and David, they’re being saved and as they go back, they see the four jumping dots on the sand who were their aunts and they start to see them in closer detail and they’re getting closer. Mikayla, the speaker, recalls that the aunts had very interesting ways of yelling at them when they did things wrong. One of them would always start just saying their addresses. For example, she would say, “Mikayla,” and then just said her address. Something, something Asylum Road, and then the speaker makes a joke about how she lived on Asylum Road and how it made a lot of sense, given how she turned out. So, the other aunt would always say nice things but say them like they were a threat like, “Come over here and eat this cake and you’re going to like it,” but in a very threatening tone. So, as they get closer to their aunts, the Kennedy – the aunts see the Kennedys and they just start smiling like maniacs. They smile at the kids like, “You don’t even know how this is. You guys are so punished when these Kennedys leave.” Then they smiled at the Kennedys just politely. Then after the Kennedys finally leave, David and Michael, the aunts turned to the kids and decide that their punishment would be for the rest of their vacation, they could not go into the water because they did not respect the water enough. After 30 minutes of begging, the aunts finally gave in and told the kids they could go into the water but only until about knee height. So, the kids go and do that and they’re excited and all until they realized that knee height isn’t very fun so they decide to start doing some chicken fighting which was not very effective given there was only three of them. Then one of their uncles comes over who never plays with them and all of a sudden, the uncle comes and starts chicken fighting with them and it’s happy, fun family time until out of nowhere, Mikayla, our speaker, is on top of – is the one on top of her cousin and accidentally full force kicks her uncle in the side of the head and his eye pops out and it just plops into the sand and everyone is so shocked because they did not know that her uncle had a fake eye. Her cousins are looking at her like she just – looking at her in horror because she just kicked their dad’s eye out and so the aunts run over and they’re scared because this eye cost a fortune. So, they begin looking for the – Mikayla begins looking for the eye, sifting through the sand and under the water and she finds it, but she’s holding this eye and she gets freaked out and she yells and she screamed and drops it back into the water. Now they know it’s possible so the whole family gathers together and starts looking for it again and after about an hour, one of the cousins finds the eye and holds it very tightly and then the uncle comes, grabs it, washes it off a little, and then just pops it into his head. Then the family goes back to the house or something and then I think it was only Mikayla who noticed that Michael and David Kennedy were taking a walk along the beach and realized that the whole time, they had definitely seen the entire ordeal. That was the end of the story.  