Okay. So, this story is told by a Fordham student and he is currently a journalism person in the Bronx, but this is a story that happened after he met his dean that he was trying to get a story on, and this dean, Dean McGowan, Dean M, says that he basically wants to replace Fordham’s student body population rather than having people from the middle class and working class. He wants to replace them by increasing tuition and that would only allow wealthy people into the school. So, our speaker is writing a story on it and he talks to the dean. He says something to the dean, the dean calls him upon, and in his defense, comes this person. Before he can say anything, he pies the dean and the person leaves. It's a cream pie; there's cream all over Dean M’s face. The guy runs away. The speaker waits a little bit, then I think the dean says to - or the speaker asks for the dean to have a quote or something, and then the dean, basically tosses him out. Then our speaker knows that this is a good story so he goes to his senior editor at the student paper, and this editor has a Pulitzer or something so he knows that he's a good person to tell this story to. The editor says, “Dean is an asshole, so write it up. We're going to publish the story.” Because the speaker is a journalism person, he decides to embellish it, which in the news world is called “Making shit up”. He thinks that he has to cross the line – what was the line? Fiction and reality. The cream pie person is now an avenger. He’s a character, he has a cape, he has a mask, he has hero like qualities, and he has a catchphrase in Latin. Actually, I don’t remember, but it meant something like, “I'm not an animal.” Why the speaker chose this, he doesn't know. It’s just a random catchphrase to make Pie Man seem capitalized and great. He gives this to the editor; everyone agrees it's a great story. They published it. Pie Man becomes a , then he goes to - our speaker goes to see another person, a girl who was potentially sleeping around with the principal or with the dean. What was her name? Sheila. To see Sheila, and Sheila is potentially sleeping around with the principal, but that's just a rumor. So, this is just, “Do we trust the speaker on this?” Then she's wealthy and has school spirit, I think, and that’s why the dean really likes her because he's trying to replace the student body with wealthy people. They're also trying to not have alcohol anymore or they’re banning beer, and that's why her and the principal or the dean are together or something. Then her and the speaker get into it. She thinks that drinking is like poor taste and that's offending the speaker. So then, Pie Man comes up randomly in his mask, in his cape, and his avenger lifestyle, and pies this woman and runs away again, and shouts his Latin phrase – something about an animal. Then the speaker goes to get a drink. No, the speaker sees Pie Man again multiple times and he writes the story again multiple times. Pie Man becomes like an urban figure at Fordham University. Everybody loves him. Then Angela was in a situationship with the speaker and sees him across the bar and wants to talk to him about Pie Man. Her and her friends think that Pie Man is the speaker, and the speaker is like, “Well, I gave Pie Man the name. I created him. I created this legend, so therefore, I am Pie Man,” and she knows that - he admits to it because he thinks that if he says yes, she'll sleep with him, and he's excited for that. So, he considers saying no but then he says yes. So then, Pie Man is him and then Angela says she'll get him a drink and he has to tell her all about it. And that’s Pie Man. 