They grew up in Providence, near Rhode Island. They were very Catholic. So, they were part of a very big family and had large relationships throughout. They would spend Thanksgiving at Grandmas every year, and one of the years that they spent Thanksgiving at Grandmas, on the way back home, Mikayla was crying about a Kennedy story, and Erin, her sister, told her to stop crying and that it was pointless, and in the moment Mikayla reported Erin to her dad, who then proceeded to stop the car in the middle of traffic and let them know that they should never be afraid to cry, especially about the Kennedys, because the Kennedys mean so much their family. And then she tells the story of how her dad got her mom the same necklace that Jackie that Jack got Jackie, therefore, telling us more about how much they value the Kennedys. They spent a lot of vacations near Hyannis, and they were neighbors with the Kennedys near their vacation spot, and every morning, their aunts would set up seats for perfect spying, and grabbed their binoculars and spied the Kennedys throughout their days, and see everything they would do. The first sighting would usually be around the mid-morning by Aunt Pat, who would notice what they were doing. Then Aunt Girth, an hour later, would also point out everything that was going on. The summers were filled with lobsters and basted butter, and their aunts hoses them down. Aunt Girth and Aunt Pat were very concerned with the Kennedys so much so that they would drop the family trees every time they spotted a family member that they didn't know so they could figure out what part of the family they were from. Every time they would see someone that looked like they might be Bobby's kids, they would ensure that they didn't tell those about Bobby because Rose would be very aggravated if she found anything that was going on with Bobby, and neither of the aunts obviously, would pay attention to them in the water because they were so carried away with the Kennedys. The riptides were really strong, and this day, they happened to be so strong that they could sweep them to the Nantucket-bound ferry, and that's exactly what happened this day. They didn't realize they went on the Nantucket-bound ferry, and that they were so far from shore that they couldn't see their aunts, and their aunts looked just like little dots and not actual people anymore. They started noticing features about people in the ferry and realized that they might be in some serious trouble once they were found. They happened to get caught on a powerboat with David and Michael Kennedy, and in the moment, they didn't realize it was David and Michael Kennedy because they were little kids and they didn't really care as much about the Kennedys as much as their aunts did, but they knew they were going to be in serious trouble once their aunts found them. And so, they got the got in the powerboat with David and Michael Kennedy, and they knew that they were going to be in serious trouble once they're aunts found them. They went back home, and each of the aunts had a very weird thing about yelling and getting into trouble. For example, Aunt Girth would yell at their addresses whenever they got in trouble, and here we find out that Mikayla grew up on Asylum Street, which she credits to have a lot of - like reasons and makes sense of how she was brought up. Their Aunt Pat would yell out nice things, like death threats, so she'd be like, “Oh, I'm going to bake you such a good cake” in a very death threat-y voice. So, they were really concerned for which mode of their aunts they were going to get this day when this happened, but when they got back there, their aunts were in such a crazy mood because more than anything, they were really mad that the Kennedys had to save them, but they still had to ask nice, so Aunt Girth was speaking in this voice that was supposed to be like the Kennedys, which sounded like a weird crossover between Katherine Hepburn and a British person, and they all just wanted to act really civil in front of the Kennedys even though they were really mad at their nieces. So, they stopped their nieces from going into the water in the time after that. Eventually, after some time, Aunt Pat breaks and lets them go into the water but only up to their knees. They realized how boring this was, so they decided to play a game of chicken, and eventually, all of their other cousins come out and play with them because it looks fun. They get really excited because finally they're actually having fun with going on the water only being up to their knees. Mikayla got so excited that she ends up kicking her uncle Al on the side of his head, and immediately, his eyeball falls out on his head and sinks in the water. There's such a moment of panic because one, they didn't know that Uncle Al had a fake eyeball, and also because Mikayla just lost her uncle's eyeball. Her cousins are freaking out because their dad is now maimed, Mikayla is freaking out because her uncle Al has lost his eyeball, and everyone's losing their minds because they didn't know Uncle Al had a fake eyeball. But it makes sense that their parents didn't tell them because they would go around and tell everyone, and no one really needs to know that Uncle Al has a fake eyeball. Eventually, they all get to work and tried to find the eyeball, and much – like, after much longer, there's such a frazzle and nothing's happening, and the family can't find the eyeball, and Uncle Al's eyelid is just empty, so it's just a very dreary sight. And they looked over and they realized that David and Michael had taken a walk on the beach and actually happened to watch them try to find the eyeball. So, this is a really embarrassing end to the story and their experience with the Kennedys.