So, Jim attended the illustrious Fordham College, the elusive dean of McGowan was the dean at the time, and he was trying to make some moves to bridge the gap between students and tuition, and Jim was not in favor of this, so he decided to approach the dean and ask them about raising tuition. And in response to this, the dean says, “Listen up, punk,” and right as the dean says this, someone smashes a cream pie into the dean's face, and all of a sudden, the dean covered all over with cream. Jim obviously gives the dean some time to recover from what has just happened, and then proceeds to ask him if he would like to comment on the incident, to which the dean says, “Fuck you.” After this, Jim immediately runs back to the newsroom. This exciting news that he's just gotten, because it's going to be a groundbreaking story. And he tells a senior editor, who proceeds to call the dean a dick, and tells Jim to write it up. The senior editor is really excited about what could potentially be a good story. So Jim, in response to this, embellishes the story, and Jim says this is a technique that reporters call “making shit up.” Jim really goes in on the story, giving the perpetrator a name, giving him a cape, calling him an avenger, giving him a catchphrase, and depicting him as kicking his knee after he smashes a dean in the face with a cream pie. He calls this perpetrator, Pie Man, with a capital P and a capital M. He calls him an avenger with a cape, and he gives him a Latin catchphrase, “Ego sum non la bestia,” and this means “I'm not an animal.” Jim states that he's Catholic, so Latin just naturally comes to him. The catchphrase makes no sense, but at least it's in Latin. Obviously, a senior editor loves it, and tells him to publish it. Now, obviously, in this case, this is the first line in journalism that's being crossed because a huge part of the entire story is made up. So, he gets a letter in the mail, basically commending the story, saying it's great, and that they would love to meet with him, and that they think he could be the next big thing. So obviously, Jim is really excited about this development in the story. The person who writes the letter tells him to meet on the steps of the Duane Library. By the time he gets to the Duane Library, Sheila Beale, the student body president happens to be in front of the library. Now, Sheila Beale is not like any other student. She's very well-bred, immense school spirit, shows up in the best outfits every day. No one can just get enough of her, and this happens to be the case, because apparently, even the dean cannot get enough of Sheila, because rumors have it that the dean slept with Sheila. They were not spreading these rumors around because they don't know if they're true or not. But Sheila happens to be a very uptight student body present, where she collaborated with the dean to ban drinking on campus, especially public drinking. Her campaign was called No More Beers at Barbecue, because she didn't want any of the students to drink on campus. While this whole interaction is happening, we see in the background that Pie Man emerges, makes his delivery, and just kicks his knees and flies away with his cape. So, Pie Man works in the background. After this, Jim writes four more stories, all about Pie Man's adventures, and Pie Man becomes a bit of a sensation. You know, Jim is obviously having his big break as well, because he always seems to catch Pie Man in action, which is a very never-before-done feat. So, he goes to a bar one night with his newfound fame, and he sees Angela from his Brit lit class with some of her friends, and she's drinking with her friends. And now, he's been flirting with Angela for like two months, but Angela doesn't even know he exists. So, he decides that he's not going to talk to her, because that just seems to be the best rational decision at the moment. So, he goes, and he goes to a bar and goes to buy a round, and all of a sudden, he feels a tap on his shoulder, and he turns around, and it's Angela. And Angela basically confronts him, and comes over, and accuses him of being Pie Man, because logically, why would he happen to know where Pie Man is all the time and be able to catch Pie Man, if he wasn't Pie Man himself? Now, in this moment, with the way Angela asked if he was Pie Man, he knew that she would absolutely have sex with him if he said yes, he was Pie Man. So obviously, he says he was Pie Man. And in this moment, Angela says, “Oh my god, tell me all about it.” And so, she also asks him to buy a beer in the moment, and tell her all about his adventures being Pie Man. 