So, there was this guy, and he went to Fordham. He was talking to the dean for the newspaper and a man came up and pied him in the face. So then, he asked the dean, “Oh, do you have anything to say, any response to this attack?” He said, “Yes. Fuck you.” Then he went back to the newsroom and pitched the story. The guy he was talking to ended up winning a Pulitzer Prize. Then he went and he pitched the idea about the dean being pied. The guy said, “Oh, yes. That guy’s an asshole. I love it. Write it up.” So, he wrote it up, and while he was writing it, he started embellishing the story, which journalists like to call being full of shit. So, he embellished the story by saying that he gave the guy that pied the dean, he gave him a name, Pie Man with a capital P and a capital M. Then he said that he was wearing a cape and that he had a Latin catchphrase, which meant, “I'm not an animal,” and he would scream it as he ran out and he clicked his heels while he ran off. Then he wrote up the story and he showed it to the guy. The guy said he loved it, front page. So, it was on the front page, and then a few days later, he got a letter, and it was from Pie Man. It said, “I like the details. If you want to see me in action again, come to some place.” So, he came at the time to the place, and he saw this girl who had been responsible for banning drinking outdoors on campus at Fordham. She was generally unliked and potentially had a relationship with the dean as well. So, he comes with the school - with the photographer at the time, and she gets pied in the face. Then that happens, so he writes it up. Of course, he adds the same embellishments about the catchphrase and then he goes - and then he hears about Pie Man. He writes about Pie Man like three more times. I think it's a total of five times they’re all written by him. Then one day, he’s sitting in a pub, and this girl who he was in class with and have been flirting with her two months was there. She comes and taps him on the shoulder and asks him. She says, “You always seem to know where Pie man is, where is he going to strike next. Are you Pie Man?” He thought he was going to get laid if he said yes, so he said yes, and then she sat down and said, “Okay. Buy me a beer then and let's talk about it.” I'm done. 