So, this woman named Michaela was - she was vacationing in - she's from Rhode Island. Her family really, really likes the Kennedys because they're Irish and Catholic just like them, and they would talk about them all the time. One time, they were playing a song on the 10th anniversary of JFK's assassination, and Michaela started crying and her sister made fun of her. Her dad pulled up the car and said, “Never be ashamed to be sad about the Kennedys,” or something. Then they would also go on a vacation for a week once a year to go on a vacation with her aunts, and it was right near the Kennedys beach house. So, every single day for the week, her aunts would put their hair up in curlers and rollers and take beach chairs and perfectly lay them out, but not towards the sand - not towards the sun or the ocean, but towards the Kennedys. They take binoculars, spy on them, and talk about them, and trying to figure out how old they were and what was going on. Usually, they would see the first Kennedy around 11. One summer when Michaela was around nine, they were just looking at the Kennedys, and she and her two cousins were playing out in the water, and they got into this old rowboat. They didn't have life jackets, they didn’t have oars. They pushed it off, and they ended up floating out, and they got caught in the riptide. The aunts were too distracted just looking at the Kennedys and they didn’t see them. They got pulled out towards the ferry and they could see the individual faces of the people on the ferry. Then they looked back and they couldn’t see the people, their aunts on the beach anymore. Then all of a sudden, a wave splashed over them. When the saltwater cleared from their faces, they saw a rowboat, or sorry, a powerboat. It was David and – I forget the other Kennedy, but it was the two Kennedy kids. They rescued them and pulled them, her and her two cousins onboard. They went back towards the beach and the aunts were so mad. One of them would usually scream with them and when she’s usually mad, she would scream their addresses. Another one would say really nice things, but they were death threats. So, when she got back to the beach, they didn't know how to act because they were furious with them but also are with the Kennedys. So, they were just being really nice, talking funny like the Queen of England. Then finally, the Kennedys managed to extract themselves, and they went back out on a powerboat. The kids got - they got no more beach time, no more water time because they were mad at them. They had to sit on the sand, but it was so hot. It was like 100 degrees. So, they ended up whining and pouring out sunscreen until they were allowed to go back into the water until knee-high. They bargained for like - they bargained with their aunts, and their aunts said, “Okay, fine. You can go knee-deep.” So, they ended up having chicken fights, but they were only three of them, so only one of them could be on the shoulders. But then her uncle got in, so they were on each other’s shoulders. They were having a chicken fight, and then she accidentally kicked her uncle's head really hard, and his eye fell out and it sunk. They were all screaming, and Kevin or her two cousins were just - Kevin and Aileen, I think - were looking at Mackenzie like, “Oh, my God! You broke my dad.” Because none of them knew that he had a fake eye. Since his eye was gone, you can see right into the socket. Then everyone starts yelling at her because apparently the eye was really expensive, and now they have to cancel the occasion to get a new eye. So, she's just backing up in shame. She feels something. She looks down, and it’s the eye. She drops it and scream, but now, everyone knows that it's possible, so they start sifting through the sand, too, and trying to find the eye. After like an hour, her cousin found the eye, and his dad just takes it and pops it back in. It seems like it's working because it's apparently a really fancy eye. It’s magnetic and it can move in sync with the other eye. So, he pops it back in and tests it out, and it works after he washes it off. Then she still – the aunts go back, and she starts just telling the story over and over again. Of course, Mackenzie’s still feeling like an outsider in her family and, of course, awkward for popping her uncle’s eye out. So, she just sinks back, and she realizes that there's two - the two Kennedy brothers have just been watching them with her walking on the beach and they were seeing this whole thing, and they’ve been spectating them. I’m done.