 like, "Oh, what's up? Is something wrong?" He's like, "Not quite," but Clara kept pushing and she was like, "Oh, was it something to do with their father's business?" He was like, "No, it's not our father's business." He looks out the window and the story kind of talks about the snow from the outside and some descriptions about it. Then afterwards, he mentioned – well, asked whether if  come from the baseball team. He's like, "That’s also not quite what happened." , it could be hard to make money as a baseball player  that he actually got – not promoted, but he got drafted to another Major League team. Well, right now, he's playing for the Pittstons but he got drafted to , and Claire was very happy about that. Then they started like goofing off and Joe decided to pretend to like swing a bat, but then that's when Mrs. Madison, their mother, came in with a jug of water, to flowering plant. Joe accidentally whacked the baseball bat against the jug and jug fell onto the carpet. Then Clara and their mom, screamed, "What happened?" Then your mom was like, "Oh, the carpet. It could be ruined." Overall, she asked if Joe was all right, Clara was all right. She was relatively calm, didn't get angry about the whole situation. Basically, they were just talking and then she noticed that Joe has two letters in his hand. Then, basically, she was trying to tease him, saying like, "Oh, it's just like from a girl," basically. Then she opened it up, but he was like, "No, but I can read you the other letter." The other letter that was opened basically was talking about how he was drafted to St. Louis. His mother was very happy about that, saying that at first she didn't approve of his choice of being a baseball player, but seeing how well he did, she was very proud of him. Then Carmen, she was saying that, "Oh, drafted. That's a really strong word." It's like it reminded them of the war times where you have no choice. Joe essentially was saying that, basically, you don't really have a choice for a Pittston. It's a small league and basically if a Major League wants to take on their players, they would have to basically leave.  not about that saying that he's grateful to get the opportunity to play for a bigger league and he'll earn more money and more fame, so he was essentially happy. Then Clara kept teasing him about the other letter, which is definitely by a girl. He was like, "Oh, it's probably from one of my many admirers," but he opened it. It was from Mabel, , and basically he was like, "Oh, Mabel and Reggie's going to be coming into town. They're on a trip, and they'll be here for a day and try to meet with us." Clara kept teasing him, like, "Oh, you actually just  Mabel instead, isn’t that right?" He tries brushing it off. He was like, "Okay, I'm going to go to the station and see when their train comes." He asked that Clara was to join him, but the snow was like, really heavy, so she said no. He went to the station and the person at the station said that, "Oh, it's kind of hard to tell when the train is coming because it's snowing very heavily right now." The staff at the station told him to come back in the next  afternoon to see when the train comes and give him an accurate time. So, Joe went back and then came back again the next day, and then the staff will say sort of like, "Oh, I'm sorry. The train will be coming anytime soon. Probably not a few days and Joe got worried saying that, "Was there a wreck?" Then staff member said that the train got snowed in, so they're stuck for a few days five miles up from the town, and now Joe is thinking of what to do to help his friends that are stuck in the train. That's it.