Okay. So, basically, this one starts off with a kid who works, basically, in a journalism department at his college school. And so, obviously, the dean has made a lot of students upset because they plan to raise the price of tuition, basically, more than the natural inflation rate. And so, the journalist is talking to the dean about it one day, just - he's about to air out his grievances and everything, and then a guy comes up and he randomly pies the dean in the face. So then, the journalist asked him for a statement, and he basically says some unkind words back to the journalist. So then, the journalist takes everything after talking to the Dean back to his writing office, and he conjures up a story. Basically, he over exaggerates in this story, and creates the guy who pied the dean. He calls him Pie Man. After that, after he exaggerated on the story, it then eventually got published. And so, after that, the “Pie Man” reaches out to the journalist, and then he tells him where to meet him the next day and everything. So, the next day, he shows up on the stairs where Pie Man had told him to be. He sees - and the journalist sees the female class president, and then he then proceeds to tell us a story that basically, the class president and the dean are sleeping around. It's just a rumor apparently. So then, after that, he then sees the Pie Man, and the Pie Man comes up and pies this girl on the face. So, he then goes back and writes another story on Pie Man with a photo of him away with a cape from wherever he pied that girl. And so then after that, the journalist basically proceeded to write multiple stories about Pie Man in the student newspaper. So, one day, he goes to a bar where the girl he really, really likes is, and he has been - in his opinion, he's been flirting with her, but she really hasn't been flirting with him. And so, he sees her and he just kind of ignores the fact that he sees her, and he goes to the bar to buy a round of drinks. So then, after he buys a round of drinks, the girl that he likes comes up to him and was like, “Hey, you've been writing a lot of stories about Pie Man, and you seem to know where he's always going to be, so then, you must be Pie Man,” and he admits it, basically, just to get this girl's attention, because he wants to be with her. So then, after that, she asks him to buy him a drink, or to buy her a drink, and that is all. 