So basically, the speaker starts the story off. He explained about his position in the newsletter club that's based in his university called Fordham. So, at Fordham,  there's this announcement that tuition prices will go up, and the speaker points out the fact that this goes against their whole mission statement about being inclusive and letting people stay in the community of Fordham. So, he has this encounter with this professor, I forgot his name. He asked a professor, “What do you think about this new policy? Is it really helping Fordham's mission achieve their mission?” The professor responds with a very snarky comment, and right before he's about to lay it down on him, this guy comes out of nowhere with a cream pie on his hand, and slaps it in the professor's face, and disappears. And so, the speaker is stunned by the fact, and decides to write about it in his newsletter. So, every now and then, he makes the same encounter with this Pie Man. He notices that in these situations, the Pie Man's wearing a cape, his costume, and slaps it and yells this catchphrase every single time he does so to his next victim. And so, he writes about three other occasions in his newsletter, about this mysterious pie man, And it becomes a sensation at their school to a point where students are wearing costumes, essentially cosplaying as the Pie Man. They have capes tied around their necks, as well as - even going to the extent of yelling his catchphrase in the middle class and around the school. And so, he develops quite a big following amongst the students. The speaker runs into this girl who is named Angela, and the speaker so happens to have a crush on this girl and wants to impress this girl. Throughout the time of writing these newsletters about Pie Man, he attempts to flirt with her without any response back, and it's quite a one-sided relationship, if you will. And so, him being the loser he is, keeps on doing his thing. And so, one day, the girl, Angela, comes up to him and asks him, “Do you know who Pie Man is? Is it you? Because every single time something happens, you seem to be always there,” is what she asks him. And so, in his mind, he's thinking about the best possible  response to give her in order for her to sleep with him and to gain her interest, or win her interest. And while he has never actually seen the Pie Man before, he doesn't know what he looks like, he doesn't really know any details about him, regardless, he gives her a straight answer in saying, yes, he is the Pie Man. As a result, she states, or she says, “Hey, why don't you buy me a beer, and you can tell me all about it,” and that's how the story ends. 