Essentially, this story - the story can essentially be summarized into an escapade of how some guy got laid. The story kind of gives some context about Fordham University during this time period. As the storyteller says, Fordham University is usually known for serving rather modest middle-class people, however, during that time period, there was a noticeable uptick in wealthier students. Working for the school newspaper, he was a bit curious about that, so he happened to come across their dean, Dean McGowan, and he asked whether or not Fordham's tuition will increase faster than the current inflation rate. The dean replies with a rather vague and condescending answer, when all of a sudden, he gets pied in the face. He gets pied in the face and then the storyteller asks the dean again, “How do you feel about this recent attack,” in which the dean replies, “Fuck you.” So, then the storyteller goes back into his editor Dwyer, I believe, who eventually won a Pulitzer Prize. He goes to the editor and pitched his story to him, in which the editor seems to really love the idea due to his disdain for this dean. He allows the storyteller to write about the story, so the storyteller here, he writes about what happened on campus to Dean McGowan. Essentially, the summary of it was him getting pied in the face, however, he ends up using a very formal journalism technique called making shit up. The story gets onto the front page, and obviously, a lot of people read it. Then very soon after, the storyteller gets a note from Pie Man, from this newly found Pie Man superhero. He came in with his own Latin catchphrase with like, “I am not a beast,” something along those lines. Pie Man ends up telling the storyteller as to where he would strike next, and as it turns out, the next person Pie Man would strike next was the student body president. Now, the student body president Sheila was rather unlike the storyteller and his posse. Sheila the student body president is pretty much kind of like the stereotypical student body president that you can have. She was rather well read, as put by the storyteller, so we can probably assume wealth and very good academics. The storyteller also does put in a sign as to having some things with Dean McGowan at his office, in which he adds he never said that and that's a secret that will not leave the room that he said it in, but he supposes it’s out now. Anyway, Pie Man does end up striking Sheila, right? Pie Man does end up striking Sheila, and that news also gets published. Sheila was rather particularly unpopular during this time because she and the dean had a policy that banned public drinking on campus. This was bad news to those college students who wanted to go to the bar and drink, have some fun after a long stressful day, perhaps. She was rather unpopular for that reason, and eventually, the storyteller had news of Pie Man on five different papers and they were all major stories, which granted him some very decent success. With this decent success in mind, one day, he went to a bar to grab a drink. He went to the bar and grabbed a drink, and he sees someone named Angela who's already hanging out with someone. Now, Angela does seem to be a person that the storyteller seems to have a crush on, as he said. It was mostly him flirting with her, although he wasn't entirely sure if she really got the hints or not. He sees Angela there and Angela goes up to the storyteller, and as it turns out, Angela and her group were talking about Pie Man. So, Angela tries to connect the dots, and by connecting the dots, she asks the storyteller whether or not he is Pie Man. Now, this does seem to be like a sensible conclusion possibly because Pie Man - because the storyteller was pretty much the single person who was reporting about Pie Man very soon after Pie Man incidents would occur. Obviously, that's a very sensible conclusion, however, despite not being Pie Man, with the crush on Angela that he has, he knew that, as he phrased it, he knew that if he said yes, he knew that Angela would have sex with him. Whether or not that happened is beyond me. Anyway. He ended up talking to Angela about it. His conclusion was “Yes, I am Pie Man.” And Angela replies to him, “Great. Buy me another beer and tell me more.” And then there was a huge audience applause, and yes, that’s about the story. 