Okay. So, there’s a third-grade teacher. She’s a social studies teacher and she likes to play these elaborate games with her students to play out their lessons. Previously, she had done a similar game where she had the class go on a hypothetical adventure across the states to learn the states and save this imaginary rock band. She came up with all these fictional characters and stuff and gave them all fake names, named after food and whatever. So, for her next game, she wants to teach about the Oregon Trail. What she does is she takes the Oregon Trail video game and turns it into a tabletop game with dice rolls and stuff like that. She plays it out with the class. All the children get assigned historically accurate names for their little characters and stuff. Then the teacher guides them through hypothetical scenarios where they roll dice to see what happens. She’s really nervous the whole time. Also, the first part of the game was that they go on a two-mile walk through the city. There is this whole fiasco with water where they pass by a water fountain and so she pretended it was a spring so that she wouldn’t get in trouble for not letting the kids drink water. 
The kids like the game and they’re really, really interested in the possibility of one of them dying. That’s their favorite part. I guess they really want one of their characters to die. At one point, one of the encounters they have is with a snake oil salesman but they’re all little kids. They don’t know that snake oil means a con man so they buy the oil. They decide to buy the oil as a class, but instead of being mad about it after they drank the fake oil and start puking in the game, they’re all really excited about that. They think it’s super cool that their character started puking. Another encounter is, at one point, one of the girls in the class gets her legs stuck under a cart and she gets injured. It seems like she’s about to die because her leg gets infected because of all these dice rolls they do. Boom, and the other kids turn out to have selected a doctor as their character. They heal the character and the whole class is just super excited and happy about it. 
Another part of it, after that, they find a wolf in one of their little encounters. They rolled to find a wolf and they adopted it as like a pet. She mentions that the third-grade sound for finding a baby animal is always “Aww” and then she wants to speed up the game because it’s taking too long. She doesn’t want it to last for the rest of their lives. She has them go across the remaining 700 or 800 miles in like overnight. Then they have a big celebration where they eat historically accurate food and danced to September, a song which is not historically accurate. On the whole time the teacher is doing this, in order to get into character, she puts on this bonnet that she had, that’s like her prop. A running theme in the whole thing is how nervous she is about the kids’ parents getting upset about one of the characters dying or traumatizing the kids or something like that. A lot of the time, she tones down what could happen instead of making them just instantly die, like in that baby animal example. Originally, it was for them to have to fend off these wild animals but then she changed it so there wouldn't be fighting in death for them to go home and complain about.
Then the final detail of the whole thing is that she runs into one of these kids years later and it turns out to be the one that almost died, Katie. She recognizes her because she was very distinctive before because she had a very gravelly voice, I guess, this little kid and very messy hair. I guess that hadn’t changed years later when she was in ninth grade so - and Katie, the first thing she says is “Do you remember that time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” That was like a big laugh for the whole thing. Definitely, the funniest part of the story was the kid being all excited about being a doctor and saving the day. That was really cool. What else? What else? What else? There’s got to be more. [Pause] What were the names of those characters? There was like pizza, pizza. I feel like there were a lot of Z’s but I can’t remember the names of this rock band character. She said them a couple times, I just can’t remember. [Pause] One of the kids was – what’s her name? Alex, I think. They were very skeptical of the whole game. It kind of egged the teacher on so she would like to try to one-up the kid every time they would - not complain, but like, you know, voice their skepticism. So, they could be like, “Oh, we’re doing a game.” She’ll be like, “Not just a game, a dangerous game, right?” I think that was what she said. That would make the whole class get very interested, the idea of danger. There’s a lot of emphasis on that too. The kids were all really interested in the dangerous parts of the story. That was their favorite part, the idea that someone might die and so on. Yes, 