This story is told from the perspective of a teacher teaching the third grade. She has to teach the class, these nine-year-old kids, about the Oregon Trail and she is concerned about how she is going to do so because of the subject matter. She decides that she will combine the Oregon Trail – she decides to take these kids on – she asked them to take up professions from the 1840s and all the girls are only say they want to be pop stars. Then she told them that there were no pop stars in the 1840s and they were professionals like doctors, farmers, hunters, et cetera, so they had to be one of those. Then, each of them adopted of character and a fake last name from those times to going to become a person. Then, there's one kid in class called Alex who was the smartest. He became Alex Bacon and he always used to ask her intelligent questions and she want to do teach him a lesson. One day, she   to give them a simulation of the actual Oregon Trail. She takes them for a walk in Manhattan that went over 40 blocks which is just two miles, but for nine-year-old kids, it felt like a lot. Then one kid was thirsty and so he asked if they could stop for water and he saw water fountain, but she said there was no water fountains in the Oregon Trail, but she also didn't want to get in trouble with the kids' parents so she tried being creative and said, "Oh, there's a stream," so that that kid could go to the water fountain and take a drink to get back to class. Then she drives combining this Oregon Trail with the Dungeons & Dragons theme. She puts on her hat and becomes essentially the dungeon master and starts coming up with all these creative scenarios and situations where they're enacting real life situations on the Oregon Trail. They're going slowly and slowly and the kids are thrilled with the idea of danger and obstacles. She taught like even though they would be put off by the idea of death and be scared, it seems that the kids are very excited and every day, they just kept asking if someone was going to die today or someone was going to die. Then one day, they encountered a snake oil salesman on the trail, a single salesman, and obviously, the kids don't know what that is. She compared that to him being equal as taxes for the kids. They buy the elixir from the snake oil salesman that promises them super speed and strength and that'll get them to the Oregon Trail very quickly. Once they have that elixir, obviously, it was fake so then they fall sick and they are vomiting for one day and then lose one day. Then these kids were so excited by that. She thought they would be deterred, but they were in fact very excited and then they couldn't stop discussing the story of how they were vomiting in social studies for a day. Then she realized they actually liked danger, so then they come to the Rocky Mountains, and then one of the kids asks here, "Is someone going to die today?" Then, she says that these are the Rocky Mountains and these are the toughest part of the trail so no one knows what dangers lie ahead. That day as they were on the trails, they rolled the dice to see if the cart flips or not, and then the cart flips and someone is stuck underneath the cart. Then they roll the dice to figure out who it was and each student has been assigned a number. It turns out that that student was Katie and she was called to the front of the class. Katie had a voice that sounds like she's been smoking since the age of three and she had messy hair. Yes, and so when she came to the front of the class, she had to roll the dice to see what happens to her and if she gets stuck or not. She manages to get out of the cart, but then when they rolled the dice to see if her legs infected or not, it turns out that the legs are infected, and for the first time, Katie thinks that she is going to die, and then she asks, "Am I going to die?" Then the teacher realizes that how could she come up with such situations for nine-year-olds and she immediately regrets her decision, but certainly one of the other kids, Emily, screams from the back of the class that she's a doctor and she can help on with this task. So, she comes and then they roll the dice and they say the only way Katie dies is if she rolls of six. All the kids I like biting their nails and everything in anticipation. Then she rolled a three, and everyone jumps up in excitement, and then they throw the papers and they all go wild. After that day, the teacher decides to have no more -  then Katie said actually that, "I almost died today," and then the teacher decides not to have any more threats. Then, when they come ahead in the next part of the trail, she says they have wild animals and Alex asks, "Oh, is there danger with these wild animals?" She said, "No, there's no danger, but there is a baby wild animal who has hurt his leg," and they have to roll the dice to see what it is, and then it turns out to be a baby wolf who they keep. Then there were 720 miles left on the Oregon Trail, but they make that in record time. They reach the end of the trail and then they have a celebration and everyone is happy. Then she says ran into Katie a few years later when Katie was in the ninth grade on Broadway, and then the first thing Katie says to her is, "Hi. Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?" 