The story begins with Joe and her sister Clara sitting in the living room when a letter arrives. Clara inquires, sees Joe's face turn with an expression of shock so she inquired about what the letter entails. Initially, it seems that the letter is that of a grim note and she asked if everything is all right, and Joe makes it seem that he might not be playing for his baseball team in the Central Baseball League for much longer so it seems that he is going to be losing out on his contract. Clara becomes very scared and inquires what will happen now, and then what Joe says that he will have to do his best to make the most money he can with his pitching arm, which is his biggest asset. At this point, he starts practicing how to pitch in the living room, at which point their mother, Ms. Mathieson, enters with a jug of water to water the plant in the living room. All this while it is snowing outside. As soon as Ms. Mathieson enters, Clara exclaims to Joe to stop practicing but it was too late and his arm hits the jug which then falls on the ground and breaks to which everyone shrieks in shock, and then even though that happens, Ms. Mathieson exclaimed that thank God it wasn't her good jug, and asked Joe to help her clean up. Joe then comes with a mop and mops it up. This is when Clara sees another letter had fallen on the ground with a woman's handwriting on it who she assumes to be one of Joe's many admirers. After this, Joe tells Ms. Mathieson the first letter and says that it is actually from a Minnesota-based Major League Baseball team who have indicated that they have an interest in drafting him to their team. However, he has a contract with his previous team and they must sign off on any change if he has to play for another team. However, seeing that it is a shift to the Major League Baseball team, they will likely not say no and there won't be any issues. This poses a great opportunity for him and his career, and he's excited for that prospect. When Clara pushes on what is in the second letter, he says it must be from one of his admirers, and when he opens it, it is from Mabel Mara who Clara recognizes and that indicates the Joe also likes her. The letter says that she and her brother are coming to town for a short visit on the way for a longer trip and she said that her brother had some work in town. Joe then tells Clara, seeing that she has never met them, she might have a chance very soon as they were arriving on the train that afternoon. He says that he must go to the train station to receive them even though it was blizzard-like conditions, and then once he reaches the train station and he talks the stationmaster, he finds out that the train is significantly delayed, and then the stationmaster tells him that it may not even arrive for several days as they have been snowed in about five miles north of there, during which Joe exclaims that he must find a way to help them. 