Okay. So, at the very start, it's Joe and his sister Clara speaking about something. I believe it was like money-related or like a banker. I don't exactly remember what the topic was, but they were having a conversation when he starts to worry about his baseball career and expressed to her that she's not exactly sure what's going to happen with it. He's stretching out his arm and he's pretending to throw as his – they said Miss Clara, but it sounded like it was his mother, something or not Miss Clara. Well, it sound like it was Mom, but they called her Miss Something. She came walking in with like a jug of water to water the plants with, and as he was stretching his arms out fake pitching, he sent the water flying and it's spilt all over the rug. They actually kind of had a laugh about it, but she said that the rug was ruined, but "At least you didn't use the good jug." Asks him if his hand's okay and then this is where I got confused because he's got these two letters and so just before he was talking about how his baseball career was going to be over with, but then he says that like he's going to like have a chance of to go to the major leagues and he's reading some letter out of these two that he has and it's saying that he has a chance to go to the St. Louis Nationals. They said that's major league team. Yes, but his team he was playing for had just won the pennant, but they're saying they didn't need him anymore so I don't know how that made any sense and I didn't really figure out how it ever did make any sense, but then he was like saying it was all good with that. They were happy about that going on, and they talked about some differences between the teams and that he would have to try his best. His mom said something about not really supporting his career, but that he's done his best with it, and "As long as you try your best, it's okay." So, at that point, he brings up the other letter and it's from like his girlfriend, mutual admirer, or something of that extent. It says that her and her brother would be visiting and that they were coming in on the train for whatever, whatever certain reasons about it. It goes on for a little while it builds up the suspense that all of a sudden, he realizes that they're supposed to come in on the train that day. So, he started thinking about that. He rushes to go meet them at the train station. He asked his sister if she wants to go. I remember she said no, but then I think she said yes. I kind of forgot some of the end of the story now that I've been explaining all the beginning of it again. I know that at least he goes to the train station and maybe she doesn't. He goes up to the counter, and is asking about where the train looking for them to have arrived. He sees that it has been canceled, goes and talks to somebody and he gets really worried because he's afraid that the train may have crashed and is worried about that. Of course, it's like something happened to his friends because . So, he asked the guys, "Did the plane crash?" The guy says, “Well, almost as bad and I guess it's this train had been snowed in.” Wow, just at that point that went yellow and that really is about all I could remember. So, yes, at the very end that he finds out the train has gotten snowed in and that's pretty much all we know at this point. 