Oh my, that was actually really funny. So, I'm going to have more trouble remembering this one because I was laughing so hard at a lot of – so, the woman was a teacher. Gosh, how did it start in the story? Oh, she talks about how she likes to create different worlds. When she just does like different units so there was something I wanted to say that like when she did something, they had about like the Romans, the Greeks, or something, it was like Caesar salad. She went into detail about those and some of the names of the different things were pretty funny, and then she got into the main part about how she was talking about or teaching about the Oregon Trail. So, she created this game to make the experience be like these kids were on the Oregon Trail. So, these kids were - I was really laughing throughout this whole thing. So, these kids were really interested about the game and we're having fun playing it, and they were wondering if there was like the danger of actually dying. So, the woman giving the talk, talks about how she did have kind of like the element of danger in the game and that the kids really, really enjoyed that part of it and thought it was funny. So, she put in different things, but she didn't want anybody actually to die. She was trying to make it seem like they could die or that there was these things going on, so she puts in a snake oil salesman, but they're third graders. They don't realize that that's like someone who could be as dangerous as a con man. So, instead of like what he tells him is going to happen by drinking this elixir, they all get duped, and they're sick for a day in the game. They lost a day and they're vomiting, but they thought it was really funny that they were puking in the game and really, they were amused by that. As soon as the game is, they just like a find to be really, really great. So then, she talks about how this game just keeps progressing, and it just keeps going further. There's this kid. She says her name like a billion times and now I can't remember what it is anymore, but this kid is kind of goofy and always looks a certain way. She got a frizzy hair. It's all over the place or something. It was just kind of like, “Oh my god,” just kind I guess – it was animate because it's a little kid, but whatever. Maybe not the brightest bulb in the box. So, she is in the situation where they are like a truly wondering like, "Oh, God, what are they wishing? What am I going to do with this game?" She's going like, "I have to make it like something happened," so she has to roll for a whole - and there was some other stuff that happened before this. Oh, darn. Well, some kid yells out that she's a doctor and so that's like how it gives like a waste of this kid doesn't have to die so it gives another option to roll. So, I guess it's basically like a D&D sort of game or a structure that the teachers based this all off of. So, she says, "The only way you die if you roll a six." They don't roll a six. She rolls a three. I guess all the kids go crazy, you know because everything worked out in the end, and then she wraps up the story time of the kid. When she sees her now, the first thing she still always says is, "Remember when I puked in your class in social studies or something?" I don't know. It's a really funny story the way it was told, so it actually makes it a lot harder to remember.