Okay. So, it starts with the, I assume, comedian explaining how she used to teach first - third grade. This column story, I assume, is from I think her last year teaching third grade. She explains how she’s not a serious teacher. She talks about how she created a stuffed animal rock thing called I think Al Korea and the, -obviously, not the Rolling Stones but something similar to that and how she – oh, I almost remembered. She had - she suffered other instances of naming things to teach the kids about things. I think it was something to teach them shapes or something related to that. After that, she explains how the following story or I guess bit is going to come from when she decided to take them on the Oregon Trail. Oh, okay. So, before, she was talking about how all of her lessons tend to be games and everybody knows that she's not a serious teacher. So, with the Oregon Trail, she decided to take them on the Oregon Trail. She didn't say in its entirety, but I assume that's what the plan was. So, she took them on a 40-block walk. It was quite a beautiful day and walking on the west side down the Hudson. Whereas down or up the Hudson, I don't know if that was West Hudson. 
At some point or actually pause. Before they all picked names for their Oregon Trail characters, one of the kids who is Alex named himself Alex Bacon. I don't think anyone was named yet in the story. So, after she says they went on a 40-block walk in the beautiful weather, she says it is about two miles, which isn’t a lot but it is if you’re a nine-year-old. Alex says that he wouldn't have to walk in the Oregon Trail. He would rather wagon to which the teacher response, “Oh but you see, children never rode in the wagon. The wagon is only for when someone is sick or there was a piano.” Which she didn't respond. She did her research. After that, another child says he's very thirsty. Now, while this teacher did say that she wanted to give them that authentic experience, she was thinking about the parent phone calls about how she was going to get a phone call about withholding water from a child. She initially said, “But there were no water fountains on the Oregon Trail.” The kid responds, “But there's one right there.” So, then after the thinking about the phone call about withholding water from a child, she thinks fast and says, “Oh, look. A stream. We are so fortunate. Let us partake.” After that, they returned back to the classroom after I guess completing the walk. They’re “all fired up”. They’re ready to go. I don't specifically remember from this one in story where she specified she turned it into a Dungeons and Dragons Style game. Okay. So, she took the Oregon Trail, the video game, and she combined it with Dungeons and Dragons. She used an adjective game with dice. She said she came up with several – actually, pause. Before she was saying how - before she created this Oregon Trail – pardon me. Oregon Trail game, free games are always sort of predictive. She would write letters. They would write letters in class. She would always know it was going to happen. But for this part, she wanted to make it - I don't know if she use this word, but she wants to make it dangerous. She didn’t say dangerous. But after that, she then goes on to say how the kids each had to choose their names, which were - no. That happened before. I think the name choosing happened before. Okay. The name choosing happened before the walk. She then expands upon that as she's starting the explanation about the Dungeons and Dragons portion of the Oregon Trail video game. No, not video game, but classroom game. So, she then says - she starts recalling how people were named Alex Bacon. This is probably before. The first order of business was – I can’t remember what they did first on their trip, but she was saying how all the kids, they were rolling the dice and they're having a lot of fun. The game was becoming a success. 
However, the kids day-by-day kept asking if someone was going to die that day. She had to prolong that for as long as possible because she said - sometime later in the in the bit, she said, “The bad teachers let their kids die on the Oregon Trail.” This was during the Katie situation. I'll get to that in a minute, but she first – okay. Now, I pause the initial train of thought. She first explaining how in the game, she would – Okay. She would write some of the possibilities of the day. I assume either the night before or the morning up. And then in class, they roll to see what would happen that day. In this one day where the majority of the bit – no. Pause. She first starts off by giving some of the exposition into the first portion of how the kids play the game, how their probabilities worked out. Then, having to either afford their boats – no. Afford their wagons or pay the – not the ferryman. They have to pay someone, but they all chose to afford their boats and then, later on, she says they came to another choice when - where there was a snake oil salesman. She then says to the audience, “You know I say this to you guys. You know what it is.” Because the audience responded with sort of pity laugh, I guess on part of the children. But she says, “You know I say this to you guys, and you guys know what that means.” But you say it to a nine-year-old, I think that some other adult thing, they don't know about taxes like okay, snake-oil. Okay. They don't understand that’s common. So, then the children - she said the children choose to buy the snake oil, and then she says – okay. Pardon. But right after the affording the boat segment, she says that she is a – again, she's not a ferryman. I forget what her position was, but she puts on a bonnet. Her name is Mary something. So, this character comes back after the snake oil to say that they've been - no. It was the teacher who says they've actually started throwing up for a day and they have to lose a day of travel. Alex Bacon, with Bacon is the fictional last name that she chose – actually, earlier on, she says that she printed out real names of people who died on the Oregon Trail for the kids to pick from the first names, I suppose, and they had to at least pick the real first names. They could have fictional last names if I'm not mistaken because that's how Alex became Alex Bacon. So, now, in this part of the story with the snake oil, they have lost a day of travel. The returning day, she, I guess, received more questions about if someone is going to die that day. 
Each day, she continues to prolong it for so long. Until this one day when somebody – no. She decided to give him a brush with death she says. She writes some possibilities that are semi, almost deadly. So, they have this roll where I think before in the story she mentions how they have 270 more miles to Oregon City. I forgot the context was for that statement, but that just happened. So, back in this roll with the brush of death, she then has a roll to see if someone is going to or like who is going to have their legs trapped under a wagon and shoot. They were old and she says the kids had numbers assigned to their names. This one girl whose name was Katie, but whose Oregon Trail name was Katherine Bushwick – no. I forgot her last name. I just remember Katherine because it's close to Katie. But her character got chosen to have her legs trapped under the wagon. Then, there was a subsequent roll to see if her legs will be freed or not. The roll rolled in favor of Katie being able to free her legs. The next roll was to decide whether her legs would be all right or infected. Actually, no. I think that was the first roll where her legs were freed, but they were infected. And then, the comedian starts thinking out loud to the audience saying, “I'm thinking to myself why did I ever write these scenarios? Because I wrote these scenarios. Because these are getting kind of dark now.” Back to the bit. She then goes on to explain how or I guess recount how Katie’s legs were freed but infected. Then, there was another roll subsequent – actually, pause. In her, I want to say description of Katie, she says that Katie always has messy hair, but sounds like she's been smoking since she was three. Raising details that I just remembered. I think it was in the context of saying Katie’s Oregon Trail name. Regardless. Back to the legs. Katie’s legs are freed but infected. That was one of the details that stuck out most intensely to me. The next roll was to see if Katie’s legs – they went to see if they would get amputated. That was something I conjured up for no reason. But the teacher is starting to worry about trying to make someone die on the Oregon Trail even though all the kids sort of think - they clamor at the thought of that. This is when she says, “Bad teachers let their kids die in the Oregon Trail.” So, she's trying to avoid danger while she says all the kids are excited for danger. But I think that statement actually happened later on with the baby wolf segment. I think I'll get to that later. Back to the legs. There's another roll. I can't remember what happened in this roll. But then, another child actually pipes up and says, “I’m actually a doctor.” Okay. Now that I say that, in the beginning, the comedians said that the girls wanted to pick as their profession wanted to be pop stars. But then, the community had to explain that there were no pop stars on the Oregon Trail. 
Now, back to this. One of the kids – so then, she says before with the pop star segment how some people chose doctors and farmers and everything's all good. So, back to the legs. The child explains that “I am a doctor.” The teacher goes, “Oh, thanks. Oh, my gosh. We have a doctor. We're good.” So, the next roll is to see if the doctor will be able to feel Katie legs or not. If they roll a six, that would have led to Katie’s death. So, Katie does a “lucky roll”. Then, one of the kids just says. “Roll it again or do it again.” Katie then rolls a three. She is saved. And then, over the next two days, they do an absolute Amazon crime style speed run to Oregon City. Nothing bad happens on the trail over the next two days. Then, let's see. So, they get to Oregon City, and they celebrate by - so actually, pause. When Katie's legs were actually saved – pardon. There’s loud music. I’m just trying to collect my thoughts. All the children she said were acting like it was the end of Apollo 13 or this was there Apollo 13 were her exact words, and how they were throwing papers in the air. They were cheering. They were hugging each other, the child with the doctor, whose they have forgotten unfortunately both their real name if that was ever stated and their character name which I know was stated right after Catherine Chadwick or - I forget what Katie's Oregon Trail name was. How they were hugging each other. And then, back to now when they reach Oregon City, they celebrate by a dancing to September by Earth, Wind and Fire which was “not historically accurate”. Now, this ending, I’m also having trouble remembering. Oh, okay. Now, I remember. She says how she saw Katie the other - I want to say week, on Broadway. Katie's now in 9th grade. She “looks exactly the same”. But she was stretched. She recognized Katie. Katie recognized her on the street. And then, the first thing Katie – they hugged. The first thing Katie – this teacher is “Do you remember that time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Now, I think that's the end of that story. But now that I mentioned that, I’m reminded of some more details in the middle of the story. Throughout the recount of Katie’s time of having her legs being up in the air in the Oregon Trail game, she says several times, “Am I going to die? Did I almost die? I almost died.” She repeats that several times. Those are most of the details I can remember. I know there were specific other names that kept being repeated several times throughout the story, but those did not sit in my brain. I do remember one time Alex Bacon – okay. I completely forgot the entire segment with the baby wolf that I said I was going to get to, but now I remember that. So, at one point in the rolls during the days, there was those danger and they were hearing animals growling. They can immediately pipes up and says, “Are there wild animals? Are we in danger?” The teacher replies in a very I guess thought out, but I can't remember her exact response word for word. She says they have to adopt one for the rest of their trail and they have to roll to find out what species it is. Either a listed three animals - and I forgot the other two, but it turned out to be a baby wolf. Those are all the details that I can remember from this. Okay. 