Okay. So, she is obviously a - I don't know what grade teacher she is, but she is obviously also a stand-up comedian, and she's before an audience, and she's telling the audience about some of the adventures she had in her classroom. I forget what grade, but anyway. The students are nine years old. She's a social studies teacher. Is that right? I think. She has done different things with the students with success. So, she decides to do the Oregon Trail. Well, the Oregon Trail was different because it was obviously a rough time in history per her remembrance of it. So, she decides to be as realistic as possible and re-enact the Oregon Trail. One of the first things she does is she takes the kids, and they have to choose characters, and then she also takes them downtown. I think she was in Manhattan; I believe. I might be wrong about that. They have to walk off 40 - was it 40? Forty blocks, so they can get the idea of what it felt like to be on the trail. So, they didn't have water on the Oregon Trail, and they also can't - well, anyway. So, somebody was thirsty, and she wanted to say that they couldn't do it because they didn't have water, but she didn't want the parents to call. So, she made up that it was a stream. She was quick on her feet. Then on Oregon Trail, they were always asking, “Is somebody going to die?” and then they got to the Rockies, and they want to know if somebody's going to die. There's one guy named - yes, last name is Bacon, I can't remember the first name now. Bacon is made up, of course. I'm going to say Kevin Bacon, but I'm pretty sure that's not it. They're always asking if they're going to die. So, she makes up some scenarios, but she doesn’t really make up enough of them.
Then one of the kids on one of the days suppose while they're on this thing. They also roll dice, I guess, it is, to see what's going to happen. One of the people, I forget her name, it's Katie. Her name is Katie. Katie is pinned down under a wagon that turned over when it hit a rock, and her legs are stuck under that, and they had to roll to see if Katie is going to make it or not. So, Katie makes it, but then Katie has to roll again, and then Katie, her legs are infected, and then they ask - Katie wants to know does she die. Then one of the people that was assigned to be a doctor says, “Wait, I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor.” So, the doctor comes up, and then they roll, and she treats Katie's legs, and they roll, and her legs get better. They rolled a three. If she rolled a six, then she was going to – was she going to die? I don't remember. Anyway, they roll a six - I meant a three, and she lives, and everybody’s just ecstatic and hugging each other, and all this and this. So, several years pass by - well, they've finished up the stories without incident, and it was fun, and it was - it was fun and nice because the kids were enjoying it, but the teacher wasn't really enjoying it because she was seeing really dark and terrible - kids was just really loving it. They were eating it up. Then one day, she's somewhere out in public, and she runs into Katie, which was the one that was - had the legs crushed under the wagon, and Katie asked her if she remembered when she almost died on the Oregon Trail. Also, on the Oregon Trail, they did some things. They met a snake doctor, snake man who has snake oil, and they bought the snake oil, and the teacher let them know, “Okay, you've been caught, and now, you're sick.” So, they had a whole day of throwing up on the Oregon Trail, which was in the classroom. So, they enjoyed that. But other than that, I'm done.