So, basically, this girl starts off by talking about how obsessed her and her families were with the Kennedys. So, she would take a vacation once a year to this beach and it was like close the Kennedy residence or like one of their properties, or something like that. She explained that they were also there on the beach and her aunts would all sit with binoculars trying to see the Kennedys or find the Kennedys. They would always be talking about the Kennedys, relating to the Kennedys, and things like that. They were so interested in this that when her and her little cousins were playing in the water, the aunts weren’t paying attention to them at all. So, her and her cousins floated out to sea. They described it that they were so far away that their aunts just became like these jumping dots on the horizon. 
So, they were out at sea and they didn’t know what to do. They said like a power boat came by. It happened to be two of the Kennedy guys. One was named David like the sons or the family or something. So, they picked up her and her cousins and drove them back to sea - or back to their aunts. On their way back to their aunts, all she could think about was how in trouble they’re going to be and how they were going to slaughter them or something like that. But then, when they pull up to the shore, their aunts are like, obviously, angry until they see that they’re with the Kennedys, so their demeanor completely changes and they’re just talking to the boys and all of this, and then like the boys were starting to go back at sea. The aunts are like, “Say hi to your mother for us or your grandmother for us” or “Give our best wishes.” 
Then, they said, after that is when their real punishment started. So, they weren’t allowed to go into the water. So, they spent all day doing everything they could on the beach. They were digging, building sandcastles just doing everything. But, it was so hot and all they wanted to do was get in the water. So, after a ton of begging and talking to their aunts, they were finally allowed back in the water. But, they said they were only allowed to go back in the water up to their knees. So, at first, they were super happy about it, until they realized that you can’t do much if you’re only in up to your knees. So, they’ve decided to try and play chicken with one person on the shoulders and then you try and push him off, but said that it was weird because there was only three of them. So, they got their Uncle Tommy or somebody in the water with them, but when they were playing with him, they popped his eye out. So, they say they had no idea he had a glass eye, and so they were all freaking out and their aunts were just talking about how expensive it is and all of this. 
So, they’re all searching the beach and this girl is determined to find the eye since she was the one who popped it out. So, they’re searching everywhere and she said, “Finally, after an hour, we find this eye.” So, she said they dust it off a little bit once or twice and then they popped it back in or then they hand it to Uncle Tommy. He just looks at it and then pops it back in. Then, he checks to make sure everything is working so like it moves with it because it’s like a magnetic eye. It’s supposed to move with your other eye and just kind of act the same. Then, she was saying how like “Oh, once you know that it’s a magnetic eye, there’s no going back.” So, she was like, “How did I not know that it was a fake eye beforehand?” So, he, finally, pops it back in and then she looks over and she sees the two Kennedy boys that saved her. So, when she sees the two Kennedy boys, they decided to take a walk on the beach. She realizes that they had just witnessed everything that just happened with the eye with Uncle Tommy.    