So, in this story, it is a teacher who is talking about how she was teaching her students about the Oregon Trail. So, what she did was she created a game and she combined Dungeons and Dragons with the Oregon Trail videogame. So, she took her students out and they did a two-mile walk. One of the students said - and she was trying to keep it as realistic as possible for the students, but she was afraid that she was going to get a parent’s phone call. So, one of the students asked, told her that they were thirsty and she said that there was no water fountain from Oregon Trail, but the little kid said, “Well, there’s a water fountain in there.” and she said, “Oh, how convenient, a stream” because she didn’t want to get a phone call for withholding water from a child. So, she let the students have water and when they got back to the classroom, I guess, it was consecutive days that they were doing this game, that every day they would do a little scenario in a dice roll to see how it turned out. She would write out different scenarios. One of the major things that happened with one of the students is – let’s see. So, one of the students they were curious about dying and stuff. So, she was trying to make it a little dangerous for the kids, for the Oregon Trail. So, they encountered – in the game they encountered a snake oil salesman and the snake oil salesman told her that they could make so they’ll be stronger and get to Oregon City faster. So, all the kids decided that they were going to take the snake oil because they didn’t know what snake oil was. She told them that they ended up getting sick and they lost . They thought it was funny, but they got to grow up and fast. So, she - eventually, there was like a time where she wanted to have them a brush with death and the scenario that she created was one where the wagon tipped over and it tipped over at the top of a little girl named Katie. So, Katie came up to the front of the class and she was rolling the dice and so, Katie was alive but her legs were pinned, so she rolled the dice and to see if the – what would happen and what ended up happening in the game is her legs got infected and then the teacher had to roll to see if her legs would get better or worse. Her legs got worse. So, the teacher was freaking out because she didn’t know like how to get out of this situation. She didn’t want to actually have the student die in the game. So, while she was freaking out and thinking about how to get out of this, one of the students, I don’t remember the name, but the student’s character was a doctor and she said, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” So, the teacher took that opportunity and said, “Yes, come to the front of the class.” So, they rolled again and she told her - she told Katie that if she rolled a six that’s the only way she dies. She didn’t roll a six, she rolled a three, so Katie survived. I guess, that they finished the game and they got to Oregon City in record time and they celebrated. They made cornbread and they danced to September by Earth, Wind and Fire and they had a party because they made it to Oregon in the game. So, I guess, years later, Katie was in ninth grade and the teacher saw her on the street and Katie remembered that in Oregon Trail and asked her if the teacher remembers. So,  