Okay. This, it was a really cute story, I'm assuming, by a former teacher. She's a third-grade teacher and she tells a hilarious story about how she's teaching her group of ninth grade kids, and she said when she teaches them - because I think, yes, she teaches social studies. When she teaches them, she likes to create little worlds. She’d said something like she would be the puppet master and they played a lot of games during their social - she sounds like a great teacher. I'm sure the kids learned a lot. Sorry. Anyway, she's teaching about the Oregon Trail and she's a little bit nervous because she wants to teach them about basically how dire the circumstances of that journey were, but they're nine-year-old kids. She creates another game for the kids to help them basically understand how serious it is, how serious the journey was, and so the kids are all pioneers. I think she said she combined the Oregon Trail video game with the Dungeons & Dragons game, like all the roles. The kids took on a role and they had a name and then they had to select an occupation. She said that all of her little girls [Laughter] wanted to be pop stars, and she's like, “There weren't any pop stars on the Oregon Trail,” which I thought was hilarious. She wants to impress upon the kids that basically the pioneers were risking everything on that journey. She talks about one little kid named Alex who wants to know - because after she tells him that she's creating the game, he wants to know is it a dangerous game, and then throughout her whole story, there's always Alex, like the little chorus. They become a real person who died on the Oregon Trail, [Laughter] and I'm not sure if they - I think they keep their first name but they take on the dead person's last name, and then they have to pick - sorry, I can’t shut that off. Like I said, they have to pick their occupation. Anyway, she wants to impress upon them just how far the pioneers walked, and so [Laughter] she says she took them on a 40-block of walk to kind of recreate the feeling. Then I think she says that 40 blocks is a couple of miles, and then the kids are like, “Oh my God.” Alex of course says, “I wouldn’t have to walk. I would’ve got in the wagon.” The teacher’s like, “No. Little kids never got in the wagon.” The wagon is for sick people, or I think - sick people or supplies or a piano, she said. [Laughter] She said she did research that's how she knew that. Then one of the other kids is thirsty, and the teacher’s like – and they saw a water fountain. She’s like, “There’s no water fountains on the Oregon Trail.” She’s always going back to this, “I don’t want to get a phone call because I denied a kid a drink of water,” kind of thing. she goes, “Stream ahead. We’re fortunate,” the kids all got to drink. She said basically that it was just a game because roll the dice is pretty much a game of luck. Then at one point, Alex asked them if during that journey, could anybody die. Teacher knows they’re all dead people, right? The kids are all super excited that maybe somebody's going to die [Laughter] during the game and so – oh, God, what was the one thing? Right. Like in a video game where you get - you drink an elixir and you'd get super powers or whatever; she has the kids - she offers them a chance to buy snake oil from a snake oil salesman [Side Conversation] that's going to make their journey easier because it’ll make them stronger and faster, because she said because the kids don't know the snake oil salesman is just a big con, a big scam, and so they all get sick and throw up for a day and then they're all jazzed [Laughter] because they all threw up in social studies class for a day. She said basically every day, the kids want to know if somebody's going to die. I think her response is “The Rockies lie ahead,” meaning somebody could die and then she - I forgot this part. Her name is Mary and she made herself a bonnet out of old upholstery material, which I thought was cute. Anyway. Shoot, I know I keep saying “so”. One little girl Katie - there's a wagon accident. A wagon runs off the trail or something and a little girl named Katie gets trapped [Laughter] underneath it and so she has to come to - and she talked about this little girl’s got the crazy hair and she has to roll to see basically what happened to her. She lived. She lived through the accident, but she got infected legs. Then she has to roll to see if the infected legs got better or worse, and they got worse, and the teacher’s like, “I don't have any other options at this point.” [Laughter] Then somebody from the back of the room, she said, the other little girl whose name was Dr. blah, blah, blah, says, “Wait a minute. I’m a doctor.” So basically saved the teacher's butt from having to get a phone call like, “You killed my daughter at class today.” What else happened? Just the teachers basically recalling, “I don't want to get a phone call because I crushed a third grader’s legs today in a wagon accident.” I know. She said after the little girl, Lexie - after the doctor helped Katie, if she rolled anything but a six, then she would survive. She said she shook the dice, she rattled the dice for luck, and somebody in the class says, “Roll them again.” She did it again and she rolled a three, and then the teacher said it was like the ending of Apollo 13 where everybody throws their papers in the air. There's this big celebration. I think the teacher at this point is tired of all the heart-stopping “Oh, my God, am I going to kill one of my students today?” She switches up the script a little bit and the kids find an abandoned wild animal, a little baby wolf. Well, what should I name it? She’s like, “Yenni the Benny or Benny the Yenni,” or something like that. I think that's what it was. Angie the Benjie? Anyway, but the cutest part of the story, I think, was - so she said she saw Katie on the street years later. She teaches third graders, and I guess she said Katie was in ninth grade, so six years later, she sees Katie on the street and Katie [Laughter] says to her, “Do you remember the day I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” [Laughter] Oh my God. Kids are so cute, but anyway, that was really fun to listen to. Great. I'm done.  