So, there’s this young man, Joe, who is spending time with his sister Clara, and they're very recently received the mail and they've received two letters. First of which is about baseball, which Joe is talking about how he has seemingly been released from his team and has lost his job but yet he claims that this is an opportunity to make extra money, which confuses Clara. He goes to wind up his arm. He's acting like a pitcher and in walks his mother and he swings his arm around as if he's throwing a pitch and knocks over the pitcher of water, breaking the glass and spilling the water everywhere on the rug. Which after a moment of startling Clara and his mother, they all laugh and Joe mops it up. So, then they speak further on the letters. So, it turns out the first one from Mr. Gregory claims that show has been selected in the MLB draft by the St. Louis Cardinals from his team in Pittstown. So, this will give him an opportunity to make more money. So, Joe was very happy. He seems to be maybe just a little bit nervous but more so excited for the opportunity that lies ahead and the challenges that await. He knows he's going to have to work hard from the word go. He's very excited for to achieve his major league dreams. Clara and Mrs. Madison are also very happy for him. Joe is constantly described as handsome, athletic, talented throughout the story. Clara slyly mentioned the second letter over and over again, and Joe begrudgingly clues them in to what that letter is about. It is from his friend Mabel who along with their other friend Reggie are travelling by train and are scheduled to arrive today in their town. Despite the snowstorm that is alluded to throughout the story, Joe is constantly going over to the window to view snow. Well anyway, Joe is mentioning how he has more than the usual interest in this Mabel girl and he's very excited to see her. So, he walks down through the snow to the depot where the train is scheduled to arrive. Originally, he speaks to the train master or the secretary or whoever is working there. He asks, “When is this train that my friends are scheduled to arrive on going to arrive?” The worker at the train station says, “In this type of weather, we don't really know. That much we can say at this point.” Then he comes back a few hours later expecting more of a definite answer as it continues to snow. Joe's friends say to him or not Joe’s friends, the worker at the train station says to him, “Unfortunately, they're not going to get it today and they're probably not going to get it in for a few days because of five miles up the road, they're snowed in, the train has stalled, therefore they can't go anywhere.” This alarms Joe and despite how joyous he's feeling about making it to the major leagues and how excited he is, he becomes a little bit distraught. He's a little nervous because his friends are unfortunately seemingly trapped on the train. So, that's where the story ends. Joe was a little nervous and despite how excited he is to pitch for the St. Louis Cardinals, he has had a little bit of roadblock as he was figuring out what he's going to do with his friends.  While I got the opportunity because I have not reached four minutes. Some of the other details in the story include Joe saying he's going to make a little bit more money in the major leagues. He's looking - he is going to look up the records of the Cardinals, so he knows who he's going to be competing against, what type of pitchers they have, what stats are expected for him. Mrs. Madison is also there while they discuss the letters and she's obviously very overjoyed for her son. The father also is mentioned very briefly at the beginning, and there's a little bit of uncertainty surrounding them. I'm done.