Okay. So, he was, I guess began his career as a journalist at Fordham University. He, I guess was walking on campus and he saw the dean. There, I guess he heard that the dean was trying to have more students from wealthier backgrounds, instead of students who were from not, or who are not from wealthy backgrounds. So, he decided to go, or he thought that it was a good idea to get a story on this. So, he went up to the dean and he asked the dean if it was true that Fordham University was planning on raising the tuition above inflation, in order to get more students from wealthier backgrounds to come to their school. I think before the dean was able to say anything, he saw at the corner of his eye someone coming up next to him, and this, I think, person ended up just - he had a pie in his hand, and he threw it in the dean’s face. Then, I think right after, he ran away. Then I think the guy just thought that that would be an even better story. So, he asked the dean if he had anything to say about it. Then after that, he decided to – or he thought it was a good story, so he went back and he met with the editor. He, I guess told him about what happened, and so, the editor thought that it was also a good idea. So, the guy began to write up the story, and he decided to embellish the story. So, he decided to name that guy Pie Man. Then he made him into some kind of, or no, he described him as some kind of cape, or he described him as wearing a cape and I think it was like an Avenger. He said that he shouted out some Latin phrase which means that - I think it means that he’s not an animal or something. Yes, he made that all up, and I think he ended up publishing it. Then after, he got a letter that said to meet him on the library steps, I think at like 2:00 or something, and it was from Pie Man. So, he decided to go. When he was there waiting in front of the library, he said that or he saw, I think her name was Sheila. She was planning with the dean to ban outside drinking because I think she thought that drinking in public, or she didn’t like that or that was in poor taste, I think. So, yes, and there was also a rumor that she was like with the dean, but that was just a rumor. So, I guess she was walking by the library as well, but then Pie Man came out from behind somewhere and he threw the - I think he threw a pie in her face as well, and he ran away. He also shouted out the Latin phrase, but that could have been written by the guy. So, I’m not sure if he actually said that or not. So, I guess, he published another story about him again and so a lot of people were finding out about Pie Man, or a lot of people liked him. So, some people started to try to figure out who it is and a lot of people started dressing like him with the cape. Then one day, the guy went out to a bar, and he saw Angela, which is a girl that he had been flirting with. I guess he decided he wasn’t going to do anything to like approach her or anything. So, I guess they were - she was in the corner of the bar, and then, I guess after someone approached him and it was actually her. She asked him if he was Pie Man because he always seems to know where Pie Man is. So, in his head, he was thinking that - he was debating whether he should say yes or no because he isn’t actually Pie Man, and he hadn’t ever - he doesn’t even know who Pie Man actually is. Then he, I guess reasoned that she would have sex with him if he did say yes, or that’s what he thought she would say. So, then, he decided to say yes. She said, “Yes,” and he said, “Yes. I am Pie Man.” Yes, I’m done or I’m done.