Okay. So, she grew up in Rhode Island. I think she and her family are Irish and Catholic. Then I think everything that happened to her and her family also happened to the people around her. On one Thanksgiving night, I think after they were leaving, she and her family were in the car and the radio was on. They heard the news about the JFK assassination and she started crying. Then I think her sister turned around and pointed out that she was crying, and her dad also turned out to be crying. He said that, “Don’t be ashamed to cry for that man.” Then after, she was talking about how she and her family would go on beach vacations every summer, and nearby their house were the Kennedys. They would go on to the beach. She was also with her aunts and her cousins. So, her aunts would take the beach chairs on to the beach, but they wouldn’t use them to lie out to tan or do anything else. They would sit and watch the Kennedys from their house, and they would talk about and gossip about who they saw, and if they knew whoever they saw, and they would try to figure out themselves. They would draw out the family tree in the sand and yes, they would just try to talk about, just gossip about the family. Because they were so busy with finding or they were so busy paying attention to the Kennedys, they didn’t notice that she and her cousins would be playing in the water. I think one day, they ended up getting on a small plastic boat and it didn’t have oars or anything, and they started drifting out into sea. Their aunts didn’t see at all because they were too busy spying on the Kennedys, but I think eventually, one of the aunts turned her head and saw that they were drifting out, and all of the aunts started panicking while she and her cousins were drifting out to sea. There was also a ferry also far out to sea, and she and her cousins also didn’t even notice until they saw - that they could see the - or they could see the clear outlines of people on the ferry, and that’s when she was at - they were actually really are like far out. They could see her aunts just jumping up and down, and they couldn’t do anything. Then all of a sudden, a power boat came by and she was relieved to see that someone, that people were saving them. Then she realized that those two people were David and Michael Kennedy, and she was shocked about that. So, they saved them and as they were heading back onto the beach, she could see her aunts’ faces and - or she was expecting them. She knew that they were going to be mad. One of the aunts has the tendency to say really nice things but in a really mean way or in an angry way. Yes, and then she was expecting them to be really mad, but, and they were mad. So, when the Kennedys brought them back on their boat, she could see that they were smiling. They were mad at the kids, but they were also trying to not look too mad because they realized that it was the Kennedys that had saved them. She said that her aunts were not really as mad at them for almost drowning, but also just more mad because the Kennedys had to save them from drowning.
So, then, they were saved. After that, the aunts decided to punish them by just not allowing them to go into the water. So, they were just, I think, forced to stay on the sand, but after half an hour of complaining, one of the aunts just said that fine, they could go into water, but they could only go in knee-deep into the water, but they realized that and they were happy too, but then they realized that it wasn’t fun at all, So, after, they decided to play chicken fights. It was just the three of them. Their uncle, I think, Al, decided to come play with them, and he never played with them before. So, he had his daughter or her cousin up on his shoulders, and then she got on her other cousin’s shoulders and they were playing chicken fights. It was really fun for them, but then, she accidentally kicked her uncle’s head really hard and that caused her uncle’s eye to just pop out, and they saw it fall into the water and sink. At first, they were all shocked because they didn’t know that her uncle had - she didn’t know that her uncle had a fake eye. So, they were all just standing in shock. I think they started to just panic and scream because all she could see inside her uncle was just the socket and the skin. I think the aunts also came over and everyone was just panicking and also, her cousin, I think everyone was mad because now, I guess, the secret that her uncle had a fake eye, like everyone was going to find out now. So, she remembers her cousins were looking at her in an angry way because she, I guess found out. So, then she knew everything was over for her, and so she started to just feel around in the sand to try to find the eye. She actually did find the eye, but once she felt it in the palm of her hand, she, I guess was scared by it. So, she screamed and she let go of it and it sunk back into the water. Then at that point, she and everyone else realized that the eye could be found in the water. So, everyone started trying to find it and someone found it. I think, maybe it was one of her cousins. She saw her uncle put it back into his eye as if nothing had happened, or no, he wiped it. He wiped it off and then he just put it back in his eye like nothing happened. Now, she can’t really see his eye the same way because she was surprised that she hadn’t noticed that it was fake in the first place, but now that she does know that it is fake, she can’t unsee it anymore and it’s obviously fake. Then, I think everyone was still mad at her, and then the rest of her family wasn’t going to remember her as her, Michaela, but everyone was going to remember her as the girl who kicked out her uncle’s eye. But she noticed that, I guess in the background, there were two people – there are two people walking by, and it was actually the Kennedys, or David and Michael Kennedy who saved them, and they all realized that they saw everything happen. Yes, I think that was it. 