Okay. So, in the beginning, it's kind of sort of like a woman. I guess she's a comedian telling a story about her experience being a third-grade teacher. It's like one of the last days of school. She's talking about this sort of event or like lesson that she did with her children. So, she's known to be kind of a funny teacher, I guess, or one that always has surprises, or makes her lessons interesting and not sort of like a sit-down lecture kind of thing. So, she mentions the kids are nine years old. They're learning about the Oregon Trail. So, she says something about a pizza man and a Caesar salad. I don't really remember that. So, she’s talking about her students and how the way they're going to learn about the Oregon Trail is how she made them go walking for 40 blocks, which is two miles so they can really experience the full length of what the Oregon Trail was. She mentions one of her students named Alex. Alex is kind of like a smart aleck in a way. He mentions like, “Oh, why don't they just walk? Why are they not sitting in the wagon and why are they walking?” She says that the wagon was only for people that were ill or just needed, or like really needed to sit down, or have some like supplies that they put in the wagon. Another student was saying how he was so thirsty. Her response was, “On the Oregon Trail, there was no source of water or anything for them to consume,” but then he says, “Oh, but there's a water fountain right there.” The teacher was worried about the phone call that their parents would make to her saying that she didn't let her children have water while they were on this trip. So, she says, “Oh, look. A running lake or something.” She lets them get water. Then, they come back on the trail or like 40-block walk. They're still experiencing all these different kinds of trail of events. One of the girls - I want to say her name is Susie, but I don't remember that. She kind of gets hit I think. They say her legs are infected. The teacher also has like cards of like different possibilities of what could happen in this sort of event. So, the next card that she pulls says that her feet are infected. It says like it will get better or it will get worse. She pulled the car that said it will get worse. So, the teacher kind of freaking out because she was like, “Oh, wait. I wrote these cards.” She kind of like doesn't know what to do because now, it’s even worse. Oh! Her name was Katie, not Susie. Katie’s like, “Oh, am I going to die?” The teacher didn’t know what to do. She was like frazzled. One of the other students says, “Wait. I'm a doctor.” Oh! Okay. That brings me back. Sorry. In the beginning, the teacher asked the students what kind of occupations they wanted. All the girls were saying pop stars. The teacher was like, “We need to be realistic and pick occupations that traditionally people had in the 1800s. There were no pop stars.” Okay. Now, going back, the girl said she was a doctor. The whole class cheered because she was a doctor, and the girl wasn’t going to die. Then, the teacher had dice. She was like, “Okay. The only way you're not going to die is if you roll a six.” So, the girl Katie’s rolling the dice, hoping she doesn’t get a six. She's rolling up. She’s doing like a lucky, I guess like roller scramble the dice. One of the student – Alex, I believe it was one of the students says, “Roll it again.” The audience laughed because that was funny, I guess.  So, she rolls the dice, and it was a three. So, she didn't die because it wasn't a six. The whole class was cheering. They were so happy. She said it was like the end of Apollo 13. I don’t really know. They started throwing all their papers in the air. It was like such a celebratory event because the girl didn’t die. Then, she fast-forwards a couple years when she's going to see a show on Broadway. She sees Katie. She's much older now. I think she said she's in 9th grade. She sees her. The girl, Katie, she was like, “Aren’t you so happy I didn't die on the Oregon Trail?” The audience laughed because it was kind of a funny moment. Yes.  