All right. So we start out the story with some rock music, but I don't know if that was part of the story or just the audio that I got. This man, I unfortunately don't remember his name, is a journalist at Fordham University. We dive into him interviewing a dean. As he's interviewing this dean, Dean McGowan, someone, I guess, pies him in the face. Gives him a cream pie to the face. Not missing a beat, journalist man said, “Would you like to make any comments?” Dean McGowan says “Fuck you.” Then journalist man goes straight - let me turn my AC off so it’s not live. There we go? Good? Okay. I can't find it. Let’s see. Okay. So he goes to his journalist area, starts writing the story and he makes note of how many embellishments, you could say, he was adding. Also, meaning he lied. He's made stuff up. So, the first story gets printed. The editor really likes it. First page, he says. The legend of Pie Man starts to grow. Then the journalist gets a message from the Pie Man that if he wants to see what he does next, meet him at this location. That insider trading info, lets him always be there when Pie Man is about to strike. Basically, he keeps growing the legend of Pie Man through his stories. He becomes somewhat of a superhero on campus. Fun little college superhero who, by some extension, is the creation of the journalist. So, that's what I got up to there, I think. I remember he goes to this bar. There's this girl that he's attracted to but she's not sure she exists, or he's not sure if she knows he exists. Anyways, he goes to get a drink. He seems shy about it, but he gets tapped on the shoulder by this girl. She asks him if he himself is Pie Man. He makes a joke that if he says yes, she will definitely sleep with him. Which is a motivation for some journalists, you could say. He said, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then, basically the story ends with her saying, “Great. Tell me all about it. Buy me drink.” Kind of assuming if things go the way, at the same pace, that he will get lucky. Yes.  That's my recollection. We’re just going to wait for this thing to get yellow. Still a green dot.