Okay. So, the narrator is from Providence, Rhode Island. She grew up there with her entire family and extended family. She talks about how her family is like unhealthily obsessed with the Kennedys. They mimic their lives around them. Her mother, one of her parents, have said that “Their tragedies align with our tragedies, therefore, their tragedies are our tragedies.” She opens with how when her parents have gotten married, that they got married in the same place that Jack and Jackie Kennedy got married in. Her father gifted her mother the same - a replica of the same necklace or pearls that Jack had gifted Jackie for their wedding. Then she goes into a story about being in the car with her father and her sister, and then she’s just talking about the anniversary of one of the deaths, then she starts crying. Her sister is like, “Ha-ha. Dad, look. She’s crying.” Her dad wells up with tears and he's like, “You should never feel ashamed for shedding a tear for that man.” She also talked about how on every Sunday, they would live out their Kennedy dreams listening to the soundtrack of Cabaret, I believe. Every summer, her aunts would take – her three or four aunts would take her and the kids in the family to the beach, I think in New – in the Cape or New Haven or something where they would rent a house and for a week, every day, the one aunt would put the other aunt’s hair in rollers and would put sunscreen on the back of their neck, at the top of their hands, at the top of their feet, and they would drag their chairs out to the beach and position them perfectly not towards the water, but towards the Kennedy compound. They have these high-powered binoculars, and they would spy. They would keep note of who they saw and who came in and out. If they didn’t know someone, they’d do the math of – they’d be like, “Oh, how old is she now? Oh, well, so and so died in this year. This person died this year. This birthday was just two weeks ago, so do the math. She’s 85.” But because they were so focused, they left these nine-year-old kids to their own devices in the water. So, the narrator talks about how any other aunt by chance with a cramp in their neck would’ve – in turning to work it out would’ve seen them get into this, but no one had. So, her and her two cousins found a half blown-up little raft with no oars or anything. As they climbed into it, they got swept out by a riptide. They got swept out so far that they were up near the Nantucket ferry, and so close that they could make out the features on these people’s faces, and their aunts look like these little dots in the distance. So, a wave comes and washes over them. At that point, they’re like, “Okay. We need to be safe,” and start getting a little stressed. They look over and a powerboat comes up, and in the powerboat is two of the Kennedys. They’re all excited because they’re like, “Wow! A powerboat,” and totally not acknowledging the fact that it’s the Kennedys that are coming to save them. So, they pulled them ashore. They pulled them aboard and they go back ashore. As they’re getting closer, they could see how livid their aunts are. She goes into how they all have these different ways they act when they’re angry, how their one aunt, I think Gertrude or Aunt Gert, panics and just start saying their names and their addresses. She was like, “Oh, Mikayla, 290 Asylum Road.” She was talking about how that’s actually the road she lived on, and this is telling to her childhood, and how her other aunt says very nice things in a very aggressive manner like, “Yes. I’m going to buy you a birthday cake. You eat that cake now.” Or “I’m going to buy you a birthday gift.” Sorry. So, as they get closer, they’re like embracing themselves for getting reprimanded, but they see their aunts totally flip a switch when they noticed it’s the Kennedys who are saving them. They adopt these personas because they’re starstruck of like a mix between the Queen of England and Katharine Hepburn or Audrey Hepburn. The aunts are smiling to the Kennedys and thanking them, but in the same note are looking at the kids like, “Oh, you just wait. You’re going to hear it later.” When the Kennedys finally pry themselves from the aunts and they leave, the aunts were like, “You are banned from the water. You don’t have any respect for the water. You have to stay on the beach.” So, it’s 100 degrees and they’re sweating and they’re miserable. They’re kicking sand and emptying the sunscreen bottles. Once they finally break their aunts, they’re like, “You can go back in the water but only up to your knees.” So, they’re excited at first, but once they get in there, they’re like, “This is boring.” So, they start playing chicken fights, but there’s only three of them and it’s not really working, but they’re making it work. Then their Uncle Allen or Uncle Al who never plays with them comes and joins them and puts his daughter Aileen on his shoulders. They are playing chicken that way, and the narrator accidently but very hard kicks Al in the side of the head, and his eye pops out. They are all in shock. They didn’t know that could happen. They didn’t even know he had a fake eye. They didn’t know you could have a fake eye. They freaked out because it’s like sinking into the water. Her two cousins are starting to hate her because they’re like, “You broke our father.” His wife starts freaking out and the other aunts join in, and it’s like this blame game. The narrator is feeling so crappy. She’s thinking like she wish that maybe she did drown. She cannot believe any of this is happening and she’s no longer Mikayla, she’s just a merse kid who broke Uncle Al. As she retreats deeper into the water, she sticks her hands in the sand and picks up the eye along with pebbles and stuff, but she freaks out because it’s staring back at her, so she drops it. But now that everyone knows it’s possible, they all get in the water, and they’re all looking. Some time goes by and then her cousin or Uncle Kevin finds the eye. He gives it to Allen. He just rinses it off and just pops it back in his eye, tests it out, and it still works. Oh, a big issue with this eye and why they were pissed was that it was very expensive because it was magnetic and tracked the eye movement and that it wasn’t in the budget. So, she better hoped that they get their deposit back on the vacation so that they can try to purchase a new one. Yes. So, he puts the eye back in and everything’s okay. As she looks out back onto the beach, nobody noticed because they were so frantic over the eye situation, but two of the Kennedy kids are standing there, watching them. She realizes that this whole time, they caught the whole episode. While the whole purpose of the trip was to watch the Kennedys, the entire trip, the Kennedys were watching them.  