So, the story is about a family who grew up in Providence, Rhode Island. They grew up never more than 20 miles away from the Kennedys. Both this family and the Kennedys were Catholic and Irish. So, this family always saw that like whatever happen to one group would happen to the other. One day, it was the Thanksgiving and the radio is playing on the car, they were going somewhere and one of the girls starts crying. I believe this girl’s name is Mikayla if I’m correct. The girl starts crying, so one of the girls that she’s with says like, “Haha, you’re crying.” Dad noticed this and pulls the car over and just with tears in his eye now too, just says never to be ashamed to cry especially over the Kennedys. The dad grew up in Newport and got married. There were some exchanges between him and the wife with Kennedy Jules, I’m not entirely sure in the 70’s or the aunts would take them to a beach resort near the Kennedy home. I think it was basically on the property. The aunts would apply sunscreen to their hands, neck and feet, track the beach stairs then not facing the water or to tan, but specifically to spy on the Kennedys. That was the sole purpose of them being there and they would have binoculars to keep constant surveillance of the house and what the Kennedys were doing. By mid-morning, Pat would usually make her first sighting. Sometimes when they didn’t know who somebody was they would draw out a family tree, understand to try to analyze and figure out who it could possibly be. An annual observation was always wondering where Jackie Kennedy was. But Mikaela and her two other cousins, their names were Aileen and Kevin, no one was ever paying attention to them in the water and one day they found something in the water and starts to kind of playing with them and they kind of just ended up getting swept out. No one saw them climb into a boat into the Nantucket ferry and they didn’t realize how far they were from the shore until their aunts were just four dots away. So, they’re so far from the shore now and no one even notices. But these power boats come in with David and Michel Kennedy and get stressed out the – the kids addresses, do the aunts are mad but when they see them with the Kennedys, they don’t have the emotional capacity to handle it. So, they fixed  because they Kennedys have to save them and they believe that the Kennedys had other things that they needed to worry about not to save these kids. So, they had to stay on the beach because they had no respect for water. They were not allowed to go on the water anymore. Actually, they complained and asked and asked and asked in the onset but they could only go up to their knees in the water. So, the three kids decided that they would have chicken bites, that way they’ll be able to follow up for shoulders and then be fully similar to them on the water. So, they had chicken bites and there’s an uncle named Al who never ever, ever, ever plays with the kids but he comes up late for the chicken thing. They’re hitting each other and falling on the water at one point. Mikaela kicks the side of Uncle Al’s head and when this happens, eyeball pops out and it sinks in the water. Now everyone is on shock because the kids didn’t know that he had a fake eye. They didn’t know that you could have a fake eye. The onset, I’m going to tell the kids because they thought they were making a huge deal out about it, all of that. But Pat is screaming because the eye was expensive since it’s magnetic and it was in sync with the other. So, what’s happened, Mikaela didn’t see herself as the same anymore. Actually, they find the eye in the water and uncle Al pops back in. The whole twist of the story is that David and Michael kind of knew we’re watching them the whole time since it’s happening. Well, the whole family that were watching the Kennedys it turns out that the Kennedys are watching. I’m done. 