Okay. So, the story started with the narrator. She grew up in Connecticut in the same area as the Kennedys. In the beginning, she went into detail about how there was another family that lived with them, and this family and her family shared a plethora of similarities. I think they’re both Catholic and - I forgot, but they had a lot of similarities, and they’re like family, but they were always busy, something like. Then, they go into how her parents got married in the same church as Jack and Jackie Kennedy, and how this – I believe her dad brought up the Kennedys in the car ride and she started crying, and her sister made fun of her for crying, but her dad stopped the car on the side of I-90 and said, “Why are you…” - he turned to the narrator and said, “Don’t ever be ashamed of crying about the Kennedys,” I think. Then, the narrator goes into how her parents got married at the same venue, i.e., church, as the Kennedys, and how her dad gifted her mother like a replica set of jewelry that Jack got Jackie on their wedding, and how basically her family was obsessed with the Kennedys. Then, she goes to another memory of her, I think three aunts and two cousins. They would all go out to the Hya-something Beach. I don’t know where that is, but it started with Hy. They would go and basic - it’s basically where the Kennedys had a home. They would get ready to go there I think on a yearly basis. The aunts would rub the sunscreen on the back of their necks and the tops of their feet, and they set up their beach chairs perfectly, not towards the ocean or to get a good tan, but towards the house of the Kennedys, and they would take binoculars and spy on these Kennedys, and then they would make comments on how drawn - I forgot the name of the woman they were speaking of was, and how basically the family was obsessed with them and – I’m trying to think. They - I’m very sure it was two aunts and – no, three aunts and two cousins. I think, it was just her and her sister. Her parents, when they got married, they got married in I think Green – Grendel, Greenwich, something Connecticut. They said the name of the city. They tried to be like the Kennedys. They followed the Kennedys very closely. Oh, yes, and then when the dad turned around and told the sister not to make fun of the narrator for taking about the Kennedys – I mean, not to be - feel ashamed about crying over them, he also shed a tear, I believe. What else?  I would say that they essentially have an infatuation with the Kennedys and her family would just idolize them. She also said it was the Kennedy Compound that they were looking into while her aunts were at the beach with the binoculars. I think I’m done.