Basically, the storyteller, Mikayla, she is from Providence, Rhode Island and she grew up with the Kennedys. Then, she recalls a time where she was in the car with her dad, and she started to cry to the Kennedy assassination anniversary or commemoration. Then, her dad pulls over the car in the highway and then looks back and then tears started rolling out of his eyes and he said, “You’d better not joke about that.” Then, there is the mention of the four aunts who set up their chair in a perfect way, not for tanning, not for any purposes, but directly so it’s in perfect view to observe the Kennedys. They have this daily ritual during the summer where they would have their first sighting in the morning, and then they would – and they talk about Rose, who is one of the family members. Then, they start drawing out the whole family tree, and they start gossiping, and they basically spend their day making observations of what happens in the household. There is the mention of Bobby. Then one day, they are - so there is a story where the aunts, because they were paying so much attention to the Kennedys, they completely missed Mikayla and her cousins swimming further and further away. They get to a point where they swim so far away that they see their aunts as four little dots. They panic and they think they’re drowning but they’re saved by a powerboat from the Kennedys. They are saved by David and Michael Kennedy. Then, the episode continues where the boat comes back to shore, and then the four aunts are just in complete terror. However – I mean complete shock. They have this weird dialect when speaking to the Kennedys. It’s slight British mixed in with an actress. Obviously, they look at - they do say thank you in a British way to the Kennedys, but to the ladies, Mikayla and her cousin, their punishment is to remain in shore for the rest of the summer because they don’t appreciate the ocean enough. So, while they’re spending their days carrying out their punishment, they decided to do a chicken fight. Their Uncle Al, who never plays with them, decides to join in the chicken fight. Then, while they’re fighting, or just horsing around, Mikayla makes an accident and then hits Al’s head really, really hard, and then one of his fake eyeballs just pops right out. Obviously, they are in complete shock, but Al decides to freak out - then, Mikayla spends her time on the shore looking for the eyeball. She finds it, picks it up. It’s directly looking at her, so she freaks out and drops it again. Then later, Kevin finds it after searching for it for around an hour. Then, he pops it back in, and Mikayla mentions how fake it looks and how she hasn’t noticed the entire time. Then, the story concludes by her looking over and spotting David and Michael Kennedy who is there for the entire episode. Then, I think they just witnessed the whole thing, and then the story comes to an end, I think.  