Okay. So, the narrator begins her story by explaining how she lived very close to the Kennedys and how her entire family really love them and love their story, and in a way, idolize them. The story begins when the narrator is a young girl in the car and the radio is recount - is doing a 10-year anniversary special of JFK’s assassination, and she begins to cry. Her dad pulls over and turns around also crying and says not to be embarrassed to cry for that man. Then, she goes into a little bit more detail about her parents’ relationship with the Kennedys, talks about how they got married in the same church and how the dad bought the same jewelry for the narrator’s mother as Jack had bought for - or as John had bought for Jackie. Then, the narrator goes on to talk about how her whole family would vacation at a beach in Cape Cod, right - in the house right next to one of the Kennedy Estates. On those vacations, her four aunts would set up shop right in front of the house facing the shore instead of the water to observe the Kennedys for that week that they were there. The story goes into more detail about how they’ll see someone they don’t know, they’ll discuss the family tree again to identify the person. They talked about Rose Kennedy and how old she was, calculating using recent events. Then, the narrator goes on to explain how her and her cousins get into a little boat off the shore, and while they’re not being supervised by their aunts because their aunts are watching the Kennedy house, and they drift out to sea very close to the Nantucket ferry, and they’re saved by a powerboat. The powerboat is driven by two Kennedy boys. From this far away their aunts look like two - look like four jumping dots. As they get closer, they could see their aunts change expression away from the expected seriousness. They’re very apologetic to the Kennedys who they know by name. Then, the narrator discusses the - her aunts’ behavioral tendencies and how they get mad at everyone. Then, the kids are put in timeout, basically, on the beach. They’re not allowed to go in the water. Then, after a while, an aunt lets them go in the water up to their knees, which is not that fun, so they decided to play chicken fights. Then, their Uncle Al comes in the water with them, which never usually happens, and the narrator accidentally kicks her uncle, and his eyeball falls out. They didn’t know that he had a fake eye or what a fake eye was. Then, they looked a long time for the eyeball. The narrator finds the eyeball on her own, screams and drops it because she wasn’t expecting to find it. Then, they all look for a longer period of time. One of her cousins finds the eyeball after about an hour, gives it back to the uncle. He rubs it off, puts it back in. The narrator notices that the two Kennedy boys that originally saved her and her other cousins are on the beach, and were probably watching that entire situation unfold.  