Okay. So, in this story, a woman named Mikayla, this happened when she was younger, back in the Kennedy era, she – her family were obsessed with the Kennedys. They lived in Providence, Rhode Island, I’m pretty sure. They were obsessed because they were both Irish, both Catholic, yes, the whole thing. I think once, for somebody in her family’s wedding, they gave them exact replicas of the jewelry that Jack gave Jackie - Jack Kennedy gave Jackie Kennedy when they got married - in the same church, mind you. So, yes, that is like - they are tight. Well, they’re obsessed. The story was about – oh. I forgot. Once, on the 10-year anniversary of JFK’s assassination, Mikayla, the woman, and her sister were in the back of the car, her parents in the front, and on the radio they were talking about the 10-year anniversary of the assassination, and Mikayla starts crying, and her sister starts making fun of her and was like, “Oh, Mikayla is crying,” and then her dad pulls over on I-95, looks back and says something along the lines of, “Don’t you ever be embarrassed for crying for them,” or something. I totally forgot what he said, but something serious. He was serious about this. That’s how serious they were about the Kennedys. The story is about once they went on vacation with the entire family, all of her aunts and cousins and everything, and how they had this beach house that was really – it was really close to a Kennedy beach house. Once, her and her cousins were out playing in the water, and her aunts, instead of looking out into the water, the view and the beautiful ocean, they positioned their chairs to look into the Kennedy beach house so that they could just watch them. They were talking about them, talking about birthdays and how old everyone is – about the Kennedys, mind you. Blah, blah, blah, blah. But because they weren’t paying attention to Mikayla and her cousins, they ended up on this raft thing, inflatable plastic raft thing, and they ended up drifting out to shore, far, like 5 minutes out, I’m pretty sure. Who saved them was - excuse me - David and Michael Kennedy, two of the Kennedys. So, David and Michael bring them back, and the aunts, which they would usually yell at them and be like, “What were you doing? Blah, blah, blah, blah,” the usual, instead, they were being all smiley and happy because, obviously, two of the Kennedys just saved their children from being drifted out into the ocean forever. So, they’re all like, “Oh, hi! Nice to meet you. Blah, blah, blah, blah,” but once they leave, David and Michael, the aunts are like, “Oh, you can’t leave this beach. You can only sit here. You can’t go in the water because you have no respect for the water.” Obviously, they’re kids, they’re getting really bored, they can’t – they don’t want to go in the house, so – and they can’t get in the water, so they’re kicking sand everywhere, being annoying. Eventually, one of the aunts give up because they got annoyed and they’re like, “Okay, you can go in the water, but only up until your knees.” So, they go into the water up until the knees and they realized that’s boring, so they start doing chicken fights, which is weird because there was only three of them, but then Mikayla’s Uncle Al came out and joins them in the chicken fight. She’s on one of her cousins’ shoulders, and her cousin is on Uncle Al’s shoulders, and they’re playing around, it’s fun. Then, Mikayla accidentally kicks Uncle Al in the face, and his eye just rolls out of a socket. It’s really weird and disgusting. They didn’t know that he had a fake eye. I was really shocked when I found this out. I was like, “Oh, my god. His eye fell out,” but it’s a fake eye, and that’s why it fell out so easily. Mikayla is feeling really, really bad, obviously, because she just kicked his eye out. So, she’s sifting through the water and everything forever, and then she finds the eyeball, but obviously, it’s an eyeball, so she screams and she drops it again. So now, everyone’s in the water looking for the eyeball, and they picked it back up, they find it eventually. Uncle Al puts it in his eye socket - he just washed it off, put it back in, tested it or whatever. Then, they all go back inside, I think, but Mikayla realized that David and Michael Kennedy, the two Kennedys who saved them earlier, was watching the whole thing happen, the whole eye incident, and nobody else noticed that but her. Yes. I’m done. 