Okay, so the speaker, Mikayla, grew up in Rhode Island and she talks about how she lived 20 miles from the Kennedys, and she said that her family and the Kennedys were really similar because they were both Catholic and Irish. She says that one day, her and her sister and dad were driving in a car and the radio says something about the 10th anniversary of the JFK assassination, and Mikayla starts crying and her sister starts making fun of her and tells her dad saying something like, “Oh, Mikayla's crying.” Her dad I guess turned back and was like, “Don't ever feel bad for crying about that.” Then she starts talking about connections that her family and the Kennedy family have. I think it was her parents got married in the same church that Jackie and John – or Jack and Jackie got married, and that - I don't know if this was a joke where her dad got replicas of the same jewels for her mom, something like that. Then I guess summer vacation or just vacation, her aunts – yes, I think it was her aunts, some relatives go to the beach and they see – they’re near the Kennedy house, and I'm pretty sure it was her aunts, and they would just sit on the sand and take binoculars and stare over at the Kennedys’ house. I guess they would always see Rose Kennedy. Yes, I think they would just spy on them and then make comments saying, “I hope -” oh, something about Bobby Kennedy like they hope that Rose isn't exposed to Bobby Kennedy. It's just talking about all the trauma that the Kennedys have. Then Mikayla, the speaker, they're all on vacation or something and I don't know if it was her cousin, her and her cousin go in the water and they're playing in the water and they're swimming, and then a big wave comes through them and then they're really far out into the ocean. I think they're in Cape Cod. I think that's where the story takes place, but they see a Nantucket boat so they know they're really far into the ocean, and then they turned back and they see their aunts and they’re like tiny dots, and then a boat comes. They're in the middle of the ocean and a boat comes by to save them, and she sees that it's David and Michael Kennedy, I think those were the names. They see that it's David and Michael Kennedy, and they get on the boat and they're driving back. Mikayla says that she knows her aunts are going to be really mad at her and that the aunt always says nice things in an angry voice like, “You bet I would save you from drowning,” but in a really angry tone. They come back to shore and the aunts are like, “Oh my god. It's David and Michael Kennedy,” and Mikayla was saying that the aunt was smiling at - Mikayla was saying they’re glad you're okay but it’s a sinister smile. They know they're going to get in trouble later, and the aunt was like, “Mikayla something, something asylum” rather than something the cousin or whatever. Basically, the aunt was really upset that the Kennedys had to save her, and then Mikayla makes a joke because they had so much trauma already, they didn't need to save them. Then I guess they go somewhere else but they're still close. The Kennedy boys go somewhere else but they're still close, and then Mikayla is like, “Now my aunt is ready to punish me for real,” and her aunt said, “Okay. You can't go out into the water. Your punishment: For the rest of the vacation, you can’t go out into the water,” but the next day or the same day, it's a over hundred degrees outside and the aunts like, “Okay, you can go into the water but only up to your knees.” Then Mikayla and her cousin – I don’t know if it was her cousin or her friend but they go into the water and then they realize how boring it was just being your knees and up, so then they start playing chicken fight but it was only three people. It didn't really work but they're trying because they wanted to get fully immerse into the water. Then I guess her Uncle Al comes to play and she says, “Oh, he never plays,” so it was odd that he came to play but now there are four people, so it was easier to play. It was Mikayla on her cousin’s shoulders, boy cousin’s shoulders I think, and then her girl cousin on her dad’s shoulders, Uncle Al’s shoulders. Mikayla is trying to knock the girl off into the water, but she kicks the uncle's face and his eye pops out into the water and they freeze. Then the cousins are looking at her like, “Oh my - you just hurt my dad,” but she's like, “What do you say? You can't say sorry for knocking someone's eye out.” She didn't know it was a fake eye, but in retrospect, she said, “Oh, they didn't want to tell us that he had a fake eye because they didn't want it to spread.” His eye is submerged into the water and he's upset because it was a magnetic eye that could keep up with the other eye and it was really expensive, so she was just shocked, screaming like, “Oh my god. I just knocked his eye out,” but then I guess she was picking up sand and stuff, picking it up and then finds the eye, and then screams and drops it back into the water. Then the family knows it's possible to find the eye, so they're in the water trying to find it, and she prays to God that she’ll never experience happiness until she finds the eye, and also that she won't be the one to find the eye this time. Then someone finds the eye and Uncle Al, I'm pretty sure is his name, just washes it off and pops it back in and she's like once you know it was a fake eye, it's like how did I not know it was a fake eye before. It looks so fake, but he pops it back in. What else? He pops it back in and now they can go on vacation now or whatever. Everything's fine. Then she realizes that the Kennedy boys were watching the whole time. They saw everything and now the aunts are embarrassed and it was just a crazy experience, I guess. What else? Yes, I think that's all of it. I think that was most of it, so 