Okay. So, this story starts with the person talking about living in Providence, Long Island, close to the Kennedys, and basically, everything in their life revolves around the Kennedys. Then, it’s Thanksgiving and they’re in the car and they were watching a video of – it’s like the 10th year anniversary of JFK’s assassination and she’s bawling, and then her sister calls her dad, laughing, saying like, “She’s crying, she’s crying.” And then the dad pulls over on I-95, on the side of the road, on the side of the highway, and looks back with tears in his eyes and says, “Don’t you ever feel bad about crying for that man,” or something along those lines. And then it continues, and then they talk more in depth about the connection with the Kennedys, and how the dad always tries to get the jewelry that Jack got Jackie, and they basically celebrate – they celebrate like an anniversary or something. Then - there’s that. And then she talks about going to vacation at Cape Cod where they’re next to the Kennedy compound. They’re pretty much on the same beach. She talks about being with the cousins and the aunts. The aunts have the chairs not facing the water, not really in the sun, but in the perfect position to spy on the Kennedys, and they have a – they have binoculars that are designed to be able to zoom in really well, and they noticed things like the family tree and – basically, they also – every single time, they noticed that Jackie’s never there, and they all – when someone says that they all put the binoculars down and look at each other and – basically, it just seems like – yes, whatever. And then, the kids are playing in the ocean, and she says that if one of them would’ve just tried to fix - like crack in her neck or looked around or something, that maybe they wouldn’t have found a – or got into an inflatable boat or a plastic boat, sorry, and that they would’ve commented on the lack of the oars and a lack of life jackets but they still pushed off into the ocean and they were kind of just looking around, and they didn’t realize until they could see the ferry and they noticed that they can distinctly see all of the people, that’s when they realized that they were so far out, and they didn’t notice until then. And then, out of nowhere, a boat comes and then picks them – gets them, and it’s actually two of the Kennedy brothers. The Kennedy brothers put them onto the boat, take them back to shore, and then when they get off, they can tell that their aunts are livid but they don’t say anything, they just – all they noticed is the Kennedy brothers, and they give them a look of like, “You’re so in trouble but the Kennedy brothers are here, so we’re going to pretend like it’s fine.” One of the aunts has a mix of a voice from like Queen Elizabeth and some other person, but they sound like - they’re talking Kennedy-like, it’s not themselves, and basically, they’re joking with them and talking to them. Finally, they let them go and they go off into the boat, and that’s when they crack into the girls and they’re like, “You shouldn’t be doing all this.” And then they told them that they have to stay on the beach, they can’t go into the water, they lost the water privileges. So, they put on sunscreen, they sit on the 100-degree beach – it’s like 100 degrees outside. They’re staying on the beach, they have nothing to do, they’re bickering, they’re fighting. It’s become even worse for the aunts because it’s like they’re in their way. So, they then allowed them to go into the ocean but they’re only allowed to be up to calf length, like at their legs. They were really excited, they jumped into the water, and then they realized really quickly that being at calf-length water is not very much fun because you’re not getting immersed into the water. So, they come up with the idea to have chicken fights. It’s just the three of them, so it’s a little awkward, because how would you play chicken fights when you don’t have four people. They then play chicken fight and that’s when they realized they – because they want to get immersed into the water, they knocked over - and then - oh, one of their uncles who never plays with them decides that he’s going to play chicken fight with them. So, Al comes in, has two of the girls in his shoulder, and then she’s on Uncle Kevin’s shoulders and they’re playing chicken fight. Everything is fun, they’re laughing, having fun until she realizes that she kicks Uncle Al in the head really, really, really hard, and when that happens, an eye pops out, like a literal eye pops out into the ocean, just pops out into the ocean. The uncle’s eyelids are open so you can just see into the empty eye socket, it’s gross, but really what she’s thinking is, “You have a fake eye?” She never realized that he had a fake eye. So, they’re searching because – well, the two girls, the daughters of Uncle Al are upset because they’re like, “You just lost my dad’s eye.” So, they’re shuffling to the water, trying to find it because – and she just kicked his eyeball out. She scoops it – she – no, the aunt, the wife of Uncle Al is saying like – there’s a look all on their faces that the trip is over if they can’t find this eye, which is very expensive because it’s magnetic and all this stuff, it syncs with the other eye. If they don’t find this eye, the trip’s over. They got to pray the lucky dollar that the – that there’s some warranty that’s bought up because this is a very expensive eye, and it’s not in their budget to buy a new one. So, she’s sifting to the water, she scoops up an eye and drops it because she freaks out that she’s holding an eye, and then the mood changes because everyone realizes that they could find the eye if they wanted to, like it’s there, it’s possible. So, they’re sifting through, sifting through. She’s praying that it’s not her that finds the eye again, because ew, and then an hour lapsed and Uncle Kevin finds the eyeball. Uncle Al literally takes it, just rinses it off a little bit and pops it right back in, like that’s it. He blinks a bit. It works because – it syncs with the other one, it’s working, and now she’s looking at him and she’s like, “I can’t believe I didn’t notice you have a fake eye.” I mean, she doesn’t say that but she’s thinking it, because a fake eye – like you never realized it before, but now that you know it’s fake, you can tell very obviously, and she’s like, “I can’t believe I didn’t notice that you had a fake eye all this whole time.” So anyway, the trip commences. They’re all telling the story over and over and over again. She feels like she hasn’t integrated back into the family because she’s still in shock over the fact that she just kicked his eyeball out and he has a fake eye, and that’s when she realizes that the two Kennedy brothers have been listening to their whole conversation and saw the whole – this whole movie happen, whole episode happen, and - yes, I think she can tell by the look on their face that they had just seen the whole thing, and she – yes, that’s it. I’m done. I’m done. 