Okay. So, from basic storytelling, like this woman, which we later found out her name is Mikayla. She lives in Rhode Island. She was basically saying how her and her family were close in distance with the Kennedys. She was saying how her family mostly were saying how alike they are, praising them, like they’re Irish. She also said she is also Catholic like them. There was even an instance where – I don’t know, where she as a little girl, she cried because she heard John F. Kennedy died, like his anniversary of death on the radio, and her dad was saying that it’s okay to cry for them or something like that. Like don’t be embarrassed about it or something. Then, she mentioned how her family used to have weekends, I don’t know if it was weekends or summers, where they had a beach house, sort of. It was mostly made from her aunt Pat. So basically, like the aunts and the kids, cousins, whatever, will go to this beach house, which was also close to the Kennedy’s. She was saying in a funny way how the aunts didn’t really watch the kids, the cousins, they just watched the Kennedy’s. They weren’t looking at the beach or each other, they were just putting their chairs right at the Kennedys and then gossip, saying, “Who’s this new person?” and then talking about the family tree, like trying to investigate whose new profile is it or something. And because they were so entertained with watching the Kennedys, they didn’t really pay attention to the kids playing in the shore. So, Mikayla and her cousins, they drifted away from shore, and because of that, they were obviously kind of drowning, but thankfully, two Kennedy boys, Michael, I think, and David were there with a boat and took them. Obviously, to help them. Then the aunts - like as they were going back to shore, the Kennedys bringing the kids back to the shore, the aunts – she was saying about how the aunts before would obviously give insults, like name addresses, like Mikayla  Road or something like that, and how basically – they will give a whole speech. But since the Kennedy guys were there, they were fake smiling or just smiling, and they were trying to obviously not say anything like they would normally do because the Kennedys were there, and they didn’t want to, I guess, embarrass – I don’t know, But then, they were like – she was saying how basically, you can tell by the look on their faces that they’re mad, but not because they were drowning but because they were disturbing the Kennedys. So, I guess something about a punishment, like staying in the beach, but then with this beach, they couldn’t really go into the water, only up to the knees and they got bored, the kids got bored. So, they were playing chicken fight and something. Her uncle came with a cousin. Her uncle came as they were playing chicken fight. She kind of kicked her uncle, and because of that – I think like in the head or something. Because of that, his fake eye popped out into the water, and she was saying, “Oh my god!” like how scared she was because no one of the kids knew that he had a fake eye. Because of that, he kind of got mad because it was costly, like that fake eye was costly. So, she was saying, “Oh my god!” She can’t find happiness or something until she finds the eye. So, she went looking for the eye, and she did find it but then she dropped it again into the water. So then, everyone else came to find the eye, and then they were saying how – oh my god. Wait. They came to find the eye, and then one of her cousins or something found it after an hour, and because of that, she kind of felt, I guess, calmer. Towards the end, she mentioned how the Kennedys who rescued her and her cousins were watching the whole thing happening. So, how it was kind of like an entertainment for them. Yes. But I think she was the only one who noticed them. And yes, 