So the narrator, Mikayla was born and raised in Providence, Rhode Island, and their house was like a beachfront property, booked out. There, they could see the Kennedy family residence. During one vacation, a bunch of the family came to their home and the aunties - three aunties, it was Momo and Pat, I don’t know the other one, would sit and with binoculars and whatever and after pulling each other’s hair up and slapping sunscreen on the backs of their necks and their ears, they would watch the Kennedys doing their thing. Before that, the family, they were driving and in the car, they were listening about the JFK assassination and Mikayla started crying. Mikayla’s sister told the dad that Mikayla was crying and the dad said, “You know, it’s always okay to cry for that man.” 
Anyway, long after that, the aunties were so preoccupied looking at the Kennedys, they didn’t notice Mikayla and her brother get in this sort of semi-inflated little boat and get drifted out to sea. One of the big Atlantic waves crashed over them and when they cleared their eyes, they could see the details of the people on the ferry’s face. There’s a ferry going by. Then they saw that there were in a power boat. Then like, “Oh, we’re getting rescued by a power boat,” and the power boat was being driven by, I think its David and Michael Kennedy. That might be the name of the kids. I don’t know. The Kennedys drove them back to the aunties who started out as four sort of hopping dots but then quickly became their aunties, Momo and Pat and the other one. The aunties were very civil and nice to the Kennedys and then kind of grilled the kids. The kids were not allowed to go in the water for a very long time. I just remembered the detail. Before that, the aunties would draw family trees in the sand. They would talk about – the example that the narrator uses was Rose. They looked out and they saw this Rose character being led out and they’re trying to figure out her age and to figure out her age, they draw in this family tree. 
So after the boat incident, the kids were not allowed to go into the beach, into the water for quite a while until eventually, one of the aunties, I think it was Momo who said, “Yes, you can go up to your knees.” So Mikayla and her cousins, I guess it was Uncle Kevin and the cousins was like Ayla and I forgot. They were playing in the water. They realized it’s really boring. So they started playing chicken and then their uncle comes down with some of the cousins. They started playing chicken together and in this game, Mikayla accidentally kicks, it’s either the side or the back of the uncle Kevin’s head so hard that his eye falls out and the kids freaking out. They didn’t know he had a fake eye, and they looked for it for a long time. Mikayla was super freaked out. She eventually finds it. She’s looking at this eye that’s staring straight back at her and she drops it again. It sinks to the bottom. After that, knowing that they should find it, everyone’s looking for it. Then someone else finds it. The uncle puts it back in his head and it works fine. Mikayla reminisces on how crazy it is knowing now that it’s a fake eye, how fake it looks but she never realized it was fake. She thinks its wild. She still thinks there’s a part of her that is that little girl screaming back at the beach. Then I guess after that, she’s on the beach and she sees two of the Kennedy kids looking out and by the look on their faces, she can tell that they were looking the whole time. I guess they’re kind of mortified. Yes, I think that yes, like they were watching them and that’s it.  Day, Wednesday.