So, the woman starts talking about how she's from Providence, Rhode Island, and that her family is basically the cousins, fake cousins to the Kennedys. They're obsessed with the Kennedys, they replicate the Kennedys, they live in the same place as the Kennedys, and she compares her family to all of them. So, they're pretty obsessed. And then she shifts towards her whole family’s story. So then [Pause] - all right, sorry. So then, she starts talking about Thanksgiving, I believe, at her grandmother's. On the drive home, she's with her dad and her sister, or cousin, Mikayla, and something makes her cry about JFK, and her cousin, or someone, Mikayla, is making fun of her for crying, like, Ha-ha, she's crying about Kennedy,” and then her dad pulls over on the highway and says something along the lines of, “It is always okay to cry about that man,” or something about, “He is the one person you should cry about,” because he's so important to them, which leads into the family vacation that they take every summer. They rent a beach house in Newport, and it is right next to the Kennedy house. So, it's her and all her aunts and her cousins, and they all go outside to the beach, which is right in view of the Kennedy house. So, all her aunts basically all pay attention and take shifts. They put their chairs on the sand and they all look at the Kennedy house, counting who is outside, who is there, what guests they don't know, if they don't know someone, they draw the whole family tree in the sand until they find out who it is. They're super obsessed. Until she says that this makes them not pay attention to the children. So, while the aunts are watching the Kennedy's, the children were in the water with a half inflated plastic boat, and once they pushed off and got into the boat, the three of them, they got swept out to sea, and the riptide took over, very strong, and they got so far out that they were approaching a ferry boat, and they could start recognizing the people on the ferry boat, which made them realize how far out they really were. Their aunts became like jumping blobs on the sand, in horror that their children are all missing out at sea. But then suddenly, a power boat comes up, and it's David and Michael Kennedy, but at first, the kids are just like, “Yay, a boat, we're saved.” So, they take them back in their boat, they pull up to shore, and she explained that - at first, her aunts are those to punish very easily, with yelling. Some - one of them, I think it's Aunt Girth who yells addresses really angrily when she's mad, and then another one yells really nice things, but in an angry tone, just like, “I'm gonna save your life, but then you're staying in the sand” or something. And then, they were expecting a big punishment for being lost at sea, but as soon as they pulled up to shore, they realized they were with David and Michael Kennedy. So, they got them off the boat, they apologized to the Kennedys, whatever, the Kennedy's left, and then they got the punishment, not for going out to sea, but also because it was the Kennedys that brought them back, and they thought that the Kennedys had enough to deal with. They weren't fully pissed off the most about being lost at sea, more than they were that the Kennedys were the ones that had to save them. Then they banned them from going in the water again to try and avoid that situation, and the kids whined and whined and whined, so finally, the aunt said, “Okay, you can go in the water, but only up to your knees.” They realized this was no fun, so then they started doing chicken fights, but it was only three of them. So, they were just falling over, messing around, until Uncle Al came out, and he never plays with them,. So, it was a big moment for them. Then they started chicken fighting, and all of a sudden, the woman who was speaking mentions that she was being flown around on her cousin's shoulders and accidentally kicked Uncle Al on the side of the head, which knocked out his fake eyeball, but none of them knew he had a fake eyeball, so they were screaming, wondering what just happened. But he had a fake eyeball. And then, he made the woman search for it, and she found it but then dropped it, because she was scared it was an eyeball, but then they knew it could be done, so they all started searching for it, and they all looked crazy searching for an eyeball in the sand and the water, and this entire time, David and Michael Kennedy, were on the beach, watching this entire event happen, which was mortifying for the entire family, because they respected them so much.