This girl grew up in Rhode Island, and her family was really obsessed with the Kennedys. This was in the 70s. Like for example, her parents got married in the same church that they got married in, and also they bought replica of the wedding jewelry for her mom, and then this girl Mikayla and her sister and her dad were in the car, and in the car, they were listening to the 10-year anniversary of JFK's assassination and Mikayla started crying because they were all very emotionally attached to the Kennedys and it was an integral part of their life. Then after she started crying, her sister made fun of her and then her dad turned around and they pulled off on the side of the highway. Her dad turned around and said something like - something about crying for him and how it was okay, and the dad had tears in his eyes. Then after that, basically, she went on to say her family, her aunts specifically, since they were really obsessed with Kennedys, they would go to Cape Cod every summer and stay in a place that was on the same cove as the Kennedys’ place. In this place, they would go on the beach and it would be 100 degrees everyday and it would be super hot, and the aunts would all face their beach chairs right at the Kennedys’ house instead of the ocean to just spy on them and just watch and see what's going on. They had binoculars, and then they would chat and have the same conversations. They would see the old Grandma Rosie and then they’ll be like, “Oh, they're taking Rosie out,” and then be like oh - and they would always spend a lot of time figuring out how old she had been based off of when JFK was assassinated and when her husband died, and they were like, in the story, they were like, “Oh, she's 85.” Then basically, they were so focused on – oh, wait, no – yes, they would see what the Kennedys were doing and then they'd be like, “Oh, who is that person,” then they would draw out in the sand the family tree and point out different people to figure out who the random person that was in their house was or in their yard was. They were obviously very invested. Then basically, one summer day when it was really hot out, the kids were always - since they were in the ocean and the moms were always staring at the Kennedys, they never looked at the kids and what they were up to. She said something; she’s like, “Yes, if even one of them had just craned - cracked - had neck pain and moved their neck, they would have seen what was happening,” but not none of them did. They all kept staring at the Kennedys. Then I remember she said something about the moms going on lunch break earlier and being like - they would have a quest to - so they had the conversation about Rosie and then an hour later, they would have the conversation about who some random person, I think. But then back to where I was, basically, the kids found this partially-deflated boat or something. The boat was - they got in the boat and then the riptide took them out to sea, and suddenly, there were super close to the Nantucket Ferry, and they were freaked out once they started being able to see the details in the faces on the passengers of the ferry. They knew they were really far out to sea, and then there was a big swell came over them and washed over them, and then a boat emerged. They called it a specific name, but anyways, it was some kind of boat. It was two of the Kennedys, the two brothers, Kennedy brothers, and they rescued them and took them back to shore. They could just see the aunts in the distance just jumping up and down and they knew that they were in for it and that they were going to get in big trouble, but then when they pulled up, the aunts faked being nice and being like, “Oh, thank you so much,” like being nice to the Kennedys, obviously, but they knew that they were going to be in trouble not because they almost drowned but because the Kennedys had to save them. So then, they got in huge trouble and they weren't allowed to be in the ocean anymore and they complained a bunch. Then eventually, after a few days - or I don't know if it was days - after a while of complaining, they had one like - because they had to sit in the hot sun. Then I remember they said that the aunts would put sunscreen on the back of their necks, the top of their hands, and the top of their feet; from earlier, minute detail, but yes. Then the aunts were really upset at them and were like, “Oh, you can't go in the water,” and then eventually, the kids were bothering the aunts so much that the aunt - I think it was she was named Gail. She said, “Okay, you guys can go in the water but only go up to your knees,” and they were occupied with that for a little bit and then they did chicken fights. She was on her cousin, I think Zack’s shoulders, but there's only three of them, so it was kind of awkward and a little weird to be doing a chicken fight, but then their uncle came in who was the two cousins’ dad. He was playing with them and he put her girl cousin on his shoulders and then she, Mikayla the speaker, accidentally kicked him super hard in the side of the head and then his eyeball popped out and fell into the ocean. When it popped out, everyone freaked out because no one had known he had an eyeball, like a fake eyeball, because they didn't want the neighbors knowing. They didn't want it to be spread around everywhere. And he had eyes open still, so she could just see the fleshiness of the eye socket without the eyeball in it. Then basically, her cousins were super angry with her for doing that to their dad, and then they all went and were looking in the sand for the eyeball and she ended up finding it, but when she found it, it scared her because it was obviously an eyeball. She pulled an eyeball out of the ocean and she was just jarred by it, so she actually dropped it. But then after that, they realized it was possible for them to find it, because the aunt was really mad because apparently, it was several thousand dollars because – or they didn’t say how much money, but it said it was super expensive because it was magnetic and could track with the other eye, so it was like a really fancy one. Then they eventually - I think it was Zack, the cousin that she had been on the shoulders of, found it in the sand or in the ocean, and the dad just rinsed it off and popped it right back in again. Then Mikayla realized the entire interaction and all, everything that have been happening had been watched by the Kennedys because they had just happened to be - the same kind Kennedy brothers that rescued them - they just happened to be taking a stroll on the beach at the time. Okay, I think I'm done. I'm done.