The women starts with a rundown of how her family feel so connected to the Kennedys. She starts with saying that they are both Catholic and they’re both Irish, and they go to mass, et cetera. In that way, whenever the Kennedys would do something, her family would also do very similar things, like her dad and mom got married at the same place that one of the Kennedy couples got married at, the church. He also gifted her mom the same - like a replica of the engagement ring that one of the Kennedys have. She also goes on to recall a story when she was younger about when the tenth anniversary of President Kennedy’s assassination came on, they were in the car and she remembers crying, and her sibling makes fun of her for crying, but her dad turns around and with his tears in his own eyes says, “Don’t you ever feel sorry for crying for that man,” which just goes to show how strongly connected the woman’s family felt to the Kennedys. So then, they go on to talk about how every summer, I think, they would go get a rental on the beach right next to the Kennedys’ summer house. For one entire week, her aunts would set up camp on the beach shores, facing the Kennedys’ house, and they would get binoculars and watch the Kennedys going about their daily lives. They would talk about Bobby and et cetera, just whoever else was in their life, and they would draw family trees on the sand. If they didn’t really know who was someone, and so they would try to figure it out. They just basically kept up to date with the Kennedys as if they were family members that the Kennedy had never met. During this time, the lady, the woman, she and her cousins have been playing in a semi-inflated boat, and they ended up drifting off beyond the shore into the sea and they were really close up to the ferry to the point that they could distinguish the people and the lettering on the ferry boat. Now, the aunts were four hopping figures on the sand because they had finally turned around to really stare frantic. That’s what she mentioned before, but I’m sure they just turned around because they were curious at some point about how the kids were doing. They’re four hopping having circles, they’re frantic, the kids are in an inflatable boat far off in the ocean next to the ferry, and then this motorboat comes up and inside are the two Kennedy brothers. So, the two Kennedy brothers rescue the woman and her cousin, and they get on the boat and they don’t really realize it’s the Kennedy brothers. They’re just like, “Oh, it’s a motorboat to save me.” They’re driven back to the shore where the aunts are ready to go rip their heads off apparently, but they have a particular way of processing a lot of commotion at once, especially when they’re livid. One of the aunts will start saying everyone’s addresses, and the other aunt will say nice things in a really mean way. The author gives examples of the aunt, first she says, “You go in the sand and dry off under the umbrella right now,” and then another example is, “You sit down and eat your birthday cake quietly -” or not quietly, I forgot “right now.” They’re ready to go at the kids, and then they see that the kids were actually rescued by the Kennedy brothers. Now, the aunts are really struggling to balance them trying to be really nice to the Kennedy brothers and sweetly smiling while sweetly threateningly smiling at the kids. Like one of them is talking like the Queen of England - I forgot the American icon that they talked about - Audrey Hepburn, maybe? They mentioned the American icon first, so they mentioned Audrey Hepburn or someone, then the Queen of England. That’s how they’re talking to the Kennedy brothers. Then, the aunts tell the kids that you can no longer play in the water because you don’t respect the water enough, and so they’re only allowed to play on the sand, but then the kids, after 30 minutes to an hour, the kids kept complaining and fighting with the aunts, wanting to play in the water. Finally, the aunts, they’ve reached their last nerve and the aunts let the kids play in the water, but they only let the kids play in the water up to knee-high level. The kids realize how boring playing in the water is, playing in water that’s only knee-high is, and so they end up having a brilliant idea of starting chicken fight, except there’s only three kids total. Then, Uncle Al, who never plays with the kids, ends up coming over to play with the kids, and Uncle Al is the father of the two cousins that the woman is playing with. So, Uncle Al takes his daughter, which is the woman’s cousin, onto his shoulders and the woman is on top of her cousin’s shoulders, and they start chicken fighting. At some point, the woman accidentally kicks Uncle Al’s side of the head so hard that his eyeball falls out into the ocean water and into the sand. Everyone’s in shock because no one knew – at least the kids did not know - that Uncle Al had a fake eye because the family was afraid that the kids would blab about the fake eye to everyone in the community. So, Uncle Al is there in shock, the kids are in shock, and then the kid doesn’t know what to say to Uncle Al because there he is with the lid open, as she phrases it. His socket is there, eyeball-less. She says that you just can’t say I’m sorry to that kind of instance, like you don’t know what to say. Her aunt is livid because that eyeball cost a lot of money, especially since its magnetic so that it would follow the movement of the other actual working eye. So, everyone’s just like frantic and livid. Wait, not livid. Everyone is just frantic, high emotion. At some point, the woman is feeling very overwhelmed/the energy is just kind of ostracizing her, and everyone starts getting into a conversation of who’s to blame. She’s feeling very outed. At some point, everyone else joins in, and so she kind of backs down into the water, thinking that “I should never have lived. I should have never survived. The Kennedy brothers should not have rescued me. I should’ve just died in the water, in that ferry then.” As she’s sinking into the water or just kind of digging through the sand to because she’s like “maybe I can find the eyeball. I won’t stop until I find that eyeball,” and finds the eyeballs. The minute she finds the eyeball, the eyeball is looking right at her, so she drops it and she’s shocked. Everyone now knows that the eyeball did not trip into the ocean, it’s actually sinkable into the sand. Now, everyone joins in on the hunt for the eyeball. Everyone’s digging through the sand and she is hoping that the eyeball will be found, but also hoping that she’s not the one that finds it this time. About an hour later, her cousin finds the eyeballs. He holds it up and he does not drop it, and the uncle takes the eyeball, he washes it off in the water, then he just pops it back in and he tests it out to make sure that it’s working properly. Everyone gets back onto shore and just starts talking about what just happened over and over and over again, back in vacation mode, and then over and over and over again. The girl looks over to the side and sees something that the rest of her family probably didn’t notice at that moment, which is that the two Kennedy brothers that have rescued her and her cousin from the drifted off, not really inflated, boat is there, and they look like they - and it’s quite obvious from the way they look that they were there and saw the entire event that had just happened to her family. They had been watching her family. 