It begins with the main character, Mikayla, who’s telling her story about her family and how they’re obsessed with the Kennedys. They live in Providence, Rhode Island, they are, what, 20 miles from the Kennedys. I don’t know. Twenty something from the Kennedys. Her family is absolutely obsessed with them. One time in the car, there’s a memorial-like recording or something on the radio for I think the assassination. She starts crying, and then her sister notices and starts laughing at her, “Look, Mikayla’s crying,” and then her dad pulls over the car and stops, turns to look at them. He’s like, “Never feel ashamed for crying about something like this.” Their family love, like seriously love the Kennedys. She moves on to talk about a vacation that happens and it’s by the beach. Every time, her aunts do this rigorous preparation. They put sunscreen on the tops of their feet, backs of their hand, blah blah blah. They pull up their sunbathing chairs or beach chairs or whatever and they line them up perfectly but not to look at the beach or to like bask in the sun, but to spy on the Kennedys. Then, the aunts, I think one’s called Aunt Gert, one’s Aunt Pat or Peg, and then the other one’s Aunt Momo or something. Anyways, they gossip and they always look, and they’re like, “Oh, look, they brought Rose out,” and they’re like, “Oh, who’s that?” blah blah blah. They’re like, “I wonder how old Rose is now,” and then Aunt Gert does the calculations based on different important events, like when Joe was 80 or something. They conclude that she’s around 82 or 85 or something. Every now and then there’s a character when they’re spying, they don’t recognize them, so they’d be like, “Oh my god, who’s that?” They’ll draw the family tree out on the sand and they’ll include who it is after making out different theories. Then, they’ll always conclude, “Oh, the poor Kennedys. Imagine Rose if she ever found out about Bobby,” or something. Mikayla goes on to say if my aunts had just - because they always were spying, they don’t really watch us a lot. If one had just briefly taken a break from spying to maybe rest her neck or something then she would have seen Mikayla and her cousins going out onto this little half-inflated plastic boat out into the ocean, and they are drifting, drifting with no life jackets or paddles or oars, anything, and they drift out into the open sea. They don’t realize until they can see the details on the passenger on the ferry’s face that they’ve gone out too far. So, they’re kind of worried, and they can see their aunts jumping up and down like little dots on the beach. They’re kind of worried, then this powerboat comes all of a sudden and helps them get back. From their perspective, it was just like, “Oh, this powerboat helped us,” but apparently, it was actually Mike and David Kennedy on that boat. So, when they get back, their aunts go from angry faces to forced, happiness trying to act normal and everything, but in their eyes, you could still tell they’re mad. They look at them with their smiles and they’re like, “Oh no, we’re done for.” That’s what happens. Then, they’re like, “Oh my gosh, thank you so much, Mike and David. Thank you so much for helping.” After they leave, they’re like, “Oh my gosh, we are so mad.” They’re like, “Haven’t the Kennedys been through enough?” or whatever. The main reason they’re mad at the time because that it was dangerous, but because the Kennedys had to save them. They said how Gert does this thing where she’s so upset that she can do nothing but just address them by their addresses. Mikayla grew up in Asylum Road or something. She makes a joke about that and how to make sense that her childhood turned – that she lives on Asylum Road considering how her childhood went. Aunt Peg or Pat, or whatever her name was, she’s the type to say nice things in an angry, threatening voice. She gives examples like, “Oh, you better eat that cake. I’m going to buy you a present,” or she’s like, “You better go sit there and dry off,” stuff like that and, “Take a rest,” but then they forgive them but then they’re not allowed to go back into the water after that. Finally, they kind of annoyed one of the aunts so much that she lets them in but only at knee-length, knee-depth. They’re excited until they realized it was kind of boring, so they started playing chicken fights. They only had three people, which was awkward, but they try their best and they try to have fun. Then Uncle Al comes out and they’re like, “Woah,” because Uncle Al never plays with them, but he starts playing along. They’re actually having a good time. It’s like a family games and stuff. Then, Mikayla accidentally – I think it was her leg or her arm – hits Uncle Al on the head just a little bit too hard and his eyeball pops out. They’re all freaking out because none of them knew he had a fake eyeball to begin with. The children were freaking out, and she’s like, “What am I supposed to say? You can’t just say sorry to someone after knocking their eyeball out.” The aunts are mad. Apparently, it was really expensive, and then the children of the uncle are the glaring at her because like, “You broke our dad.” She kind of regresses back into the water and wishes she just drowned earlier and turns to where she began or whatever - and she sits in the sand, sifting around for the eyeball. It seems to be hopeless, but she eventually finds the eyeball and she gets scared, so she screams and drops it back into the water. Now, the whole family is trying to find the eyeball once again, and then someone named Jack, I think, finds the eyeball. They’re like, “Yay!” and then Uncle Al just washes it off and pops it back in his head. It’s like a magnetic eyeball to keep up with the other one as the aunt and Uncle Al or Mikayla say. Then, he just tested it out if it’s matching with the other one. It’s all working good. So, the family is telling the story over and over again on the beach now and telling lots of people. Mikayla is not quite recovered from this and she’s still kind of a distant observer of all this commotion, and then she realizes something that most of the family never noticed, but David and Mike were on the beach watching them and they had heard the whole story and seen the whole thing go down. Mikayla concludes the Kennedys were watching us and it’s like a parallel to the beginning because they always watch the Kennedy’s. So, that’s kind of the whole story and those are all the details I remember.