So, at the beginning of the story, basically this girl and her family are going on a trip. Basically, her parents have a complete obsession with the Kennedy family and so they're going on a vacation to this sort of like beach or lake house that sits right near the Kennedys sort of like vacation home. So, once they get there, they are basically – you know, her aunts and stuff are reminiscing about the Kennedy family and everything like that, and how they just so badly want to be a part of that. Also, when they were on the car ride, her dad told her that it's okay to cry when in accordance with anything related to the Kennedy family.
So, the girl, her cousins, and stuff are swimming in the water and then something happens in a wave. It sort of like takes them, they can't see, and they're struggling.  So then, there are two Kennedy boys that come up on a boat and they pulled them out of the water. So, then once they’ve been put out of the water, they're like talking to the Kennedy boys and they're just like so surprised that they saved them.  Then after that, they pull up to shore, and when I pull up the shore, her aunts, grandmother, and everybody, they’re so excited to see these boys and they just couldn't believe that they had been saved by the Kennedy boys but also, they were so upset because the kids had burden basically the Kennedys.
 So then after that, the kids end up getting grounded, and so then once they get grounded and they can't go in the water, they're told, “Yes, you're not going in the water. You have to sit on the beach,” but basically it was like a hundred degrees out and the kids were getting antsy and sort of being annoying. So, the adults were like, “Okay, you can go in the water but you can only go knee high.” So, then they realized that even though they're in the water, it’s pretty boring because they've only basically been in the water but they can't be fully submerged so they find it super boring and so they start playing a game of chicken.
Then, while they're playing the game of chicken, they start to play but they realized that it's actually really boring to play chicken with only three people. Their uncle actually ended up coming in the water which he never has offered to play with the kids before but he decides to play chicken with them and so they're all playing, having a good time, and then the girl accidentally kicks her uncle in the head. His fake eyeball pops out into the water and basically sinks and they obviously can't find it. This is such a surprise to the kids because they don't know where - they didn't know that their uncle had a fake eyeball at all in general.
So, they're freaking out. On the shore, their aunt is freaking out because the eyeball was so expensive and blah, blah, blah. So, the girl, who knocks it out, decides to start looking for it and she actually finds it but then she gets so shocked and scared that she drops it back into the water. So, basically then after that, the whole family comes in to help search for this eyeball and then as they look at a shore, they found out that the Kennedys watched this whole thing happen and they just all felt embarrassed. 