Okay. The story begins with the speaker giving us a backstory on her family. So, they grew in Providence, Rhode Island and the major idea behind it is that their family has a strong obsession with the Kennedy family, and I guess the Kennedy family was allegedly similar to them because the Kennedy family is Irish and so with her family. Then, the Kennedy family was Catholic and so is her family so they considered themselves to be similar to them. Basically, their family continue to have a really strong obsession with them. She recalls her one time she was crying in the car and then her brother told her like - her brother was making fun of her for crying and then her dad was like, “Don't ever be sad to cry about that man in regard to the assassination of President Kennedy. So, it wasn't just her immediate family that were obsessed with the Kennedys, her whole family was. So, eventually, their aunts, uncles, and their family, all went on this family vacation. 
Prior to telling that part of the story, she mentioned that her mom and dad met in Nantucket, I believe, and that had to do with something, so maybe that was where the vacation home was, I’m not quite sure. I don't really remember, but they went on this vacation home and all of their aunts and uncles were with them. They have a nice beach but the children were focused on playing, whereas the adults and especially the aunts were focused on watching the Kennedys because the Kennedys, I assumed, had a beach house or a house that was right near where their vacation home was. So, while the kids were playing in the sand and in the water, the aunts were using binoculars and watching the different things that the family were doing. They kept tabs on the different members of the family and who they identified and who they couldn’t. I believe she mentioned that at one point, they were like, “Oh, you don't see Jack around here a lot,” and they were just basically monitoring the family and how they were interacting who were present, I guess, and then one time while the aunts were doing that, the children decided to get into a boat and they went into the water. They eventually ended up going too far deep and their aunts did not notice until a sailboat came and basically saved them and brought them onto their boat but it turns out that the two people in the sailboat were actually members of the family, members of the Kennedy family, David and somebody else. I don’t remember, I’m sorry. Two of those younger boys save them and then brought them back. So, when they brought the children back, the aunts were in shock, and they were trying to pretend to be not angry at the kids. Someone mentioned that one of their aunts were smiling at them like aggressively but they knew that deep down she was trying to yell at them. 
They were thanking the family for saving their children, and she mentioned that one of her aunts quickly changed the way that she spoke while speaking to them and adopted a really strange voice that was kind of like royalty. It was just completely different to how she normally speaks, which is funny, and then after that, she – I’m sorry. The girl explained how her aunts have different ways to deal with yelling at them. So, she explained one of her aunts when she gets angry, she aggressively yells addresses and how her other aunt aggressively yells nice things at her but you can tell that she's angry.
 Then after that part of the story, she explained how all the children felt kind of that - not bad but that it was seen as like, “Oh, you just hurt the Kennedy family.” They were basically told that they are only allowed to stay on the beach and they’re not allowed to go to water anymore. So then, it was like a hundred degrees and the kids were all done with playing in the sand. They were sick of it and they wanted to go in the water. So then, they were told by their aunt like, “Okay, you guys can go in the water but only to your knees, you can't go any deeper.” Then, the kids were like, “Okay, that’s fine.” Then, they realized that that wasn’t as fun, so they begin to have chicken fights. At this point, there was only three people so they couldn’t really have chicken fights but then, one of their other uncles joined, I forgot his name but I remember his daughter's name is Alice, and he put her on his shoulders. 
They were having a chicken fight and eventually, the narrator of the story reveals that she kicked her uncle in the face, and his eyeball popped out, so she freaks out because none of the children knew that the eyeball was fake. She realized like, “Oh, my god, I just kicked his eyeball out of his face,” and was freaking out, but then she realized like, “I should probably get the eyeball.” So, then she went in to get the eyeball and she found it but then she was like, “That's disgusting.” She dropped it but everyone realized, “You can find the eyeball,” because obviously, I remember before they spoke that they didn't have enough money to buy a new eyeball so they needed this eyeball. So, then, they were able to find the eyeball and everyone on the beach was watching what happens. It turns out that the narrator noticed that the two guys who saved them earlier that were part of the Kennedy family were actually watching these events unfold as well. I'm done.