So, there was this woman who was speaking about her life story, striding about how she was born in Rhode Island with her parents and her siblings, and the parents and her lives 20 miles away from the Kennedys, which she described as like the whole world or something, and was talking about how invested their family was in like the Kennedy tragedies and these sorts of things. So, she was bringing up how one time she's in the car with her sister and her dad, and she started crying because the radio was talking about how it was at the 10-year anniversary of John F. Kennedy's death, and her sister like laughing or something, and like maybe it was trying to like get her dad in on it, and so her dad was like - the sister was like, “Oh, my gosh, she's crying,” and the dad turns around with tears in his eyes and he's like, “It's always okay to cry about that, man.” So, then she proceeded to talk about their summers where they would go to – also, the parents were married in the same place as Jackie and John Kennedy and her dad made replicas of these actually and gave it to her mother. Then, she’s talking about their summers where they would go to the beach with their aunts and cousins and uncles, and at the beach, the aunts and uncles loved to watch not the beach but the Kennedy house because the beach house that they would stay at was directly across from the Kennedy’s beach house. So, because that the aunts were always looking at the Kennedy house, they didn't notice that one time when her and her cousins were in the water, that they had found a little boat with no oars or life vet or anything, and the children hopped in and they were having fun, and then they started to float away to sea, like kind of really far to the point where he could see the ferry coming towards them. They knew they were in trouble because they could clearly make out the pieces the people in the ferry, which they didn't think should be possible. So, they were starting to freak out and the aunts were just like not noticing because they were watching the Kennedy house. I'm discussing facts about the Kennedys, like who's there in like can they recognize who's there and those sorts of things. Eventually, the children are approached by a speedboat with two of the Kennedys in it. One of their names was Michael, and I'm not really sure what the other Kennedy's name was, but these people pick up the kids and put them in the speedboat, and they're taking them back to shore, and the kids are like imagining all the ways that they're going to get yelled at by their aunts where one of them is going to yell but say nice things to them, and the other one is just going to scream their names and information about their addresses, like something-something Asylum Street where this woman grow up. So, they're coming back, expecting the aunts to be super mad, and then they come back and the aunts are - not they're mad, but they're trying to conceal their anger because they're so excited that the Kennedys are there, and then the aunts feel like you cannot go into the water anymore because they feel that the children have not been responsible playing in the water. So, the kids have to sit on the sand of them, but it's like 100-degrees outside, so they're like super-hot and bored. The kids finally annoyed the aunts enough to where they let them go into the water. So, there's only three children playing the water, but they decide to play chicken anyway, so that way maybe they would fall off and get into the water. Then, one of the girls’ uncle who never really played with them decides to get in and play chicken with them because he wants to, and what happens is that she accidentally kicks him in the eye and his eyeball falls into the water, like out of his face into the water, and they're all freaking out, but apparently it was just a fake eye ball but no one told the kids that it was a fake eye ball, so they were completely horrified and then everyone was super mad, like the cousins were looking at her with hatred and the aunts are freaking out like what have you done, that's a really expensive eyeball, they don't have enough money because it was like a magnetized eyeball, but then she's like searching for in the water and she finds it, but then she's so terrified that there's an eyeball on her hand that she drops the eyeball again, and then they have to spend another hour looking for it because they knew it was possible to find it. So, they did, and her cousin found it, and she kind of wanted to die because she felt so bad about what she had done, and she had been separated from the family, make everyone hated her, but she also didn't want to find the eyeball because she was so scared to touch it. Then, when they finally eyeball, and the cousin found the eyeball, the uncle just rinsed it off and popped it back in his eye, and then everyone was just talking about the story over and over again, but she was still kind of like upset, so she was standing farther away, and she noticed that two of the Kennedy boys have been watching this entire situation play out and she knew that they had seen the entire thing because of the looks on their faces. 