So, Michael - well, actually I’m doing this thing first so I could talk. So, yes. So, Michaela was saying how she is from the center of the universe from the Kennedys and how they’re Catholic. They were in the car with dad and her sister and the radio was on about how Kennedy had died and then her sister was making fun of her because she was crying, and then the dad pulled over and stopped the car. He turned around and he was also crying and he told her she shouldn’t be ashamed of crying because of this reason, because of Kennedy dying. Then they – her, her cousins, and her aunts had went on vacation to some island. A creek where they were, they were across from the Kennedy house so the aunts would like stalk the Kennedys and always take shifts and they would use the binoculars to spy on them. When a new person came in, they would make a family tree to figure out who it was. There were always like charts about the age of somebody. Michaela and her cousins were playing in the sand and in the water and then they found something across boat and they started to drift out into the ocean and they saw that her aunts just got smaller and smaller.  they got through there. Then David and Michael Kennedy came with a boat and saved them and the aunts were mad but they were smiling because the Kennedys were there and they didn’t want to look a certain way. But they were mad at her and her cousins. Then [Pause] they got into the water and they were told not to go within the water . Then Michaela and her cousins were complaining that didn’t make sense until the aunts finally said that they can go back there up to the knees in the water, and they figured that it was boring so then they were playing  in the water and then one of their uncles then came and heard them. Then they were playing  too and they started playing. She kicked her uncle in the head and his eye fell out and they were all shocked and her cousin was looking at her like she broke their dad. Then she was like in trouble and the eyeball costs a lot of money and they didn’t even know that it was fake. The aunts didn’t want to tell them that he had a fake eyeball because they didn’t want them to tell . So, the aunt was really mad and they were looking for the eyeball and then – because it had sunk to the bottom. Then she had found it and picked it up. Then because it was an eyeball, she screamed and she dropped it back down, and it fell back – sunk back, so then they all started looking. Then the cousin was the one that found it again and gave it to her uncle. The uncle washed it off and popped his eyeball back to his eye like nothing happened. They didn’t realize that the whole time David and Michael Kennedy were there and they saw the whole thing.  