The narrator begins by starting off describing how she comes from Rhode Island and that between her family or her region, and I think of the area where the Kennedys live, there is not much distance and it’s very close. She goes on to talk about how because of this, it's very difficult for them to have a sense of privacy, and that issues that happened to them or problems that happen to them are very often heard or listened on by people living around her. So, she describes two events. The first one is during Thanksgiving when her dad, herself, and her sister in the car, upon listening to the radio of someone dying, but I don't exactly remember who it was. It was an anniversary of someone's death. The narrator starts crying. Upon the sister making fun of the narrator, the dad turns around and says that you should never be ashamed of crying when it comes to someone’s death. I'm assuming that it's someone in the Kennedy family but I can’t exactly recall the name, and I don't want to say the wrong name.
The second event that happens is when, what I think was the summer holidays of the narrator and her family and more specifically her aunts and her siblings go to the beach, not to have fun, but so that the aunts can peek in on what the Kennedys are doing because their houses are on the beach or at least very close to it. So, while the aunts are sitting there and trying to poke into the business of other people discussing who comes out of the house, who doesn't, what they're doing in there, and so on, they do not notice that the narrator and her siblings are playing in the water. If only the aunts had turn around to look once, they would have seen that the narrator and her siblings had gotten onto a boat and had pushed out into the sea, which at this point, had very strong tides. However, they didn't. So, the narrator and her siblings ended up sailing out into the middle of the sea to the point where her aunts looked like four dots on the beach. Thankfully, there was a boat, or I think it was a speedboat, or something that was near them and pick them up and brought them back to the coast of the beach. The people on the boat happen to be David Kennedy and his sibling, I think. Upon getting back to the coast of the beach, the aunts were livid as they would usually have if the narrator in her siblings were brought back to the coast after messing something up but this time, they were mad more because of how the Kennedys have to save them and not because they weren't careful and not because the narrator and her siblings weren't careful and almost got lost on sea. In the eyes of the three aunts, the Kennedys have other stuff to do and now, the narrator and her siblings had turned into one of the burdens of the Kennedys. So, upon thanking them, the aunts punished the narrator and her siblings to stand on the beach in the heat.
Later on, when they were allowed to go back into the ocean and play, their uncle join them. However in the process, the narrator accidentally kicked out the fake eye of the uncle. I didn’t know how the narrator wasn't aware of the fake eye and that, those are very expensive. The aunts got mad again, and they started to try and search for the fake eye. Upon finding the fake eye around one hour later, while the all the others went back to their usual spot in the beach, the narrator realized to her horror that the two Kennedys, who had saved them, had come out for a walk and were standing on the coast and had witnessed the entire episode of losing the eye trying to find it and the aunts getting mad. That's where the story of the narrator ends. 