So, it started off with - I think the main character’s name is Mikayla, because she was talking about how she lived near the Kennedys with her family, and how they feel like they’re neighbors, and how she feels like she's  with them because they lived so close to each other, and like everything that happened to them is happening to the Kennedys and that everything that happened to the Kennedys happens to them. She was talking about how – oh, when JFK got assassinated, they were in the car listening to a radio, and she started crying. Her sister was like  she’s crying in the back seat, and then her dad turned around and was like, “Don't you ever feel bad or shamed for crying over the Kennedys.”
Then, she talks about how they would go to – oh, and she talked about how she was from Providence something, and then she went to some beach house, and her four aunts were there, and they lived near the Kennedys. I think it was David and Michael Kennedy, and she went with her two cousins and her uncle. She said that her aunt would pull out beach chairs and they would put their sunscreen on and everything, and they wouldn't be at the beach to tan or to enjoy the beach. They would basically stalk the Kennedys, and they would look at everything that they're doing, and they would tell each other what they see, they will use their binoculars to look in, and she was talking about how after they got done talking about everything that they're seeing – I don’t know why I was going with that, but I remember she was talking about how while they were stalking the Kennedys and stuff, that her and her cousin went into the water went with no supervision because these ladies, they’re stalking the Kennedys.
So, they went into the water, and they got into some boat or something, and they didn't have any oars, and they didn't have any life jackets, and so they ended up going way out into the water than they thought they would, and they ended up seeing like in some type of other boat, and they said that their aunts just look like four jumping dots. Then, they start panicking because they were all like, “We’re really out here.” Then, the next thing they knew was that a power boat is coming to them, and she was like, “Oh, a power boat,” and inside the power boat was Michael and – I forgot the other one’s name. Michael and the other one Kennedy, the Kennedy. She was like, “Oh, a power boat!” You know what I’m saying. Then, the Kennedys took them back to shore, and the aunts were really mad at them, and she’s talking about how  like when she's mad, she calls them by their name and their address. I think Mikayla lives something like Asylum, and then another aunt, when she’s mad, she’ll say the most intense stuff in a really mean why. I think an example of what she gave was like “Dry off and eat cake,” but, I don't know. I could be wrong. Yes, that’s all .
They had to pretty much act like – because they were in front of the Kennedys, so they had to act like they weren’t mad and they were smiling and giggling and stuff, but when they look at the children, they would put like a really evil smile on them to insinuate that they’re really mad at them. So, she said that she was mad at them in a way that was like - she sounds like, “Oh, don't they have enough to deal with, and right now, they have to deal with you guys,” and whatever. 
After that, one of the aunts was like, “You can only go into the water up to your knees,”  but she realized going through water up to the knees is not fun. So, the three of them, Mikayla and her two cousins started playing chicken even though it's three of them, and she said that eventually her uncle, I think his name was Al, her Uncle Al comes into the water even though he has no business in the water and plays with the children, he went into the water and played chicken with them, and she said she would have it , it was great, it was like a family fun time, and that's when she knew, she kicked him on the side of head, and his freaking eye popped out of his head, and she's screaming and stuff because, “Oh, my god! I think he took his eye out!” Her cousin was mad at her because he’s like, “Yow, she took his eye out!” She didn’t know that he had a fake eye, so their aunt, now she’s mad at Mikayla because she’s like, “You just took his eye out!” Like, what?
So, they all went looking for the eye, then Mikayla found it, but she got freaked out by it because she's holding an eye, and she dropped it, and then they all go looking for it again like an hour later. Then, her cousin, the male one, he found it, and all she knew what she didn't want to be the one to find it, but she was happy that at least it was possible that it could be found after she dropped it. So, they found it and her uncle went to wash it all up, puts it back in his eye, and he's testing it off, making it sure he’s doing his thing – oh, she also said it’s like some sort of magnifying eye, like it's like it moves at the same time that the other eye does, and so they found the eye and then he put it back in his head, made sure it works, and she says that, “Oh, the eye costs like .” Her aunt was mad because it’s expensive. So, she doesn’t want to pay that again, honestly. She said how Michael Kennedy and the other Kennedy was watching their whole thing. 