So, the narrator starts off by talking about her family and how she grew up in Providence with a family that was very obsessed with the Kennedys and who like the Kennedys were quite religious and Irish. Her parents had gotten married in the same church as the Kennedys. It’s kind of an obsession like the dad used to give the necklaces that the Kennedys had to his wife, like that Jackie Kennedy had, like replicas, exact replicas and stuff like that. Then, she talks about how one time after Thanksgiving after fight at her grandmother's house, they had gone home; driven home, and there's like a 10-year anniversary of a Kennedy death, I think, on the radio and music playing. Then, the narrator had started crying and her sibling made fun of her. Then, her dad had turn around and been very dramatic and said, “Don't be ashamed of crying for this man.” Something like that which is shows like how much they were obsessed with the Kennedys. 
Then, she talks about how one time her aunts, and her family just went to the Cape like on vacation. They rented a house and the house just happened - well, not happened, they rented a house next to the Kennedys’ house like a summer house so that they could copy them, kind of, and so that the aunts can kind of watch them. So, what they would do is the three aunts or four aunts, I don't remember the number but they went and they drag their chairs down to the beach. They're like sunbathing chairs and instead of facing the ocean or sunbathing, they put the chairs – well, they put sunscreen on their feet and their hands and the top of their hands and stuff like that. They put their chairs so they were facing the Kennedy house and they would watch them and see what happened. They’d be like, “Oh, Rose is out today,” or like, “Do you think she knows about this?” They would gossip about the Kennedys and asked like, “Oh, how old is she now?” Like 85 and they will figure it out because they just know so much about the Kennedys and they’re obsessed with them but that means that they weren't watching the three kids. So, it was the narrator and her two cousins who are kids and they were playing in the water.
At some point, they got on this inflatable, like half-inflated boats and the aunts didn't see them but they drifted very far out to the point where the aunts became like a little - I think she said little dots, hopping dots or something and they drifted way out. They didn't know what to do and then there was a power boat that arrived to save them but on it, it was actually at the Kennedys. David and Michael Kennedy’s boat. So, they got on his boat or on their boat and they got saved by Kennedy's but she's like funny when she says that. “Oh, we got saved by a powerboat,” and she didn't really think of the fact it was at Kennedys.
So, they go back and they know that the aunts are going to be mad at them for having done that and have gotten in trouble and stuff but then the aunts, she explains how the aunts usually react to being in trouble when they're angry. So, one of them talks angrily. She says nice things but in an angry voice, like for example, “Oh, I'm going to get you a present for your birthday, you’d better eat that cake now,” or something like that. Then, one of the aunts – I don’t remember, but basically, when they see the Kennedys, David and Michael, they kind of forget how to act. The narrator can tell that she's going to be in trouble later but for now, they're kind of struck by the Kennedys. 
Then, the Kennedys leave and the aunts tell the kids that they're not allowed to go in the water anymore but then the kids whine a lot and so the aunts say they can go up to their knees in the water. They start playing chicken fights, so the aunts go back to their chairs, watching the Kennedys and they start playing chicken fights, the children but they’re three. So, one of the uncles, Uncle Al, I think, comes in and played chicken fight with them but the narrator at some point accidentally kicks uncle out straight in the face very hard and his eye falls out because it's a fake eye but she didn't know it was fake eye. So, his eye falls out into the ocean and there's panic everywhere. The aunts come, and they're crying about how much money this is going to cost and everyone's angry and stressed out.
The narrator tries to look for the eye in the sand like in the water because it sank in the water but she doesn't find it. After a while, she finds it but she gets scared because there's an eye on her hands so she drops it again but now that they know that it's possible to find it in the sand. Everyone starts looking and then an hour later, one of the cousins finds the eye and holds it up triumphantly and then Uncle Al just like washes it and puts it back in his eye socket.
 Then after that, they go back to the house and everyone was talking about the story for a long time. The narrator feels that she still kind of like apart for the family because she kicked out her uncle’s eye and stuff. Then, she notices a group of people watching what just happened and she notices that two of them are David and Michael Kennedy who were watching the whole time. I think that’s it. I'm done.