So, the story starts at the narrator saying how she and her family lived in Rhode Island and that they were raised next to the Kennedys’ house. She then recalls this anecdote – so, she said that the families would – well, her family would always compare like, “Oh, what's happening to them is happening to us.” So then, she talks about how after – oh, she mentioned an anecdote where she's in the car and that with her family and then the radio, they mentioned something about like 10 years since John Kennedy's assassination and then she starts crying. Then, her sister makes fun of her for it and then her dad pulls over the car and says never apologize for crying for man.  
So then, she mentions a different anecdote of how one of her aunts rents out a beach house and that's like the little getaway. It turns out that that exact beach houses were part of a compound that the Kennedys also rent out, or live by and then so they would just go there every summer. What the aunts would do, they would get ready for the beach, put on sunscreen, and they would sit by the Kennedys’ house. So, they would just watch and just be like observant and kind of nosy and observing to remember and be like, “Oh, poor them,” da, da, da. They wouldn't be as attentive to the narrator and her cousins. This one time, her and her cousins got into this like inflatable boat so they were on it and the next thing they knew they were really deep into shore to open sea. They were going to have intense consequences until David and Michael Kennedy find them. They save them and they're freaking out because it’s David and Michael Kennedy. So, David and Michael bring back the girl and her cousins back to shore and then they start to see their aunts and uncle again. The aunts are furious but they're also starstruck that they see David and Michael. So, there's this other aunt who pretends to have some like fake posh accent to be as proper as possible. Oh, thank you for saving them and then she punished - the narrator and their cousins’ punishment was that they were not allowed to swim anymore, and they were more angry with the fact that they were bothering the Kennedys rather than they were almost drowned. So, they already have enough stuff going on. So then, they're just not allowed to go swim anymore.
So, afterwards, they’re begging and like please, can we swim? Can we swim? Then, they finally gave in. One of the aunts finally gave in, and I think it was Aunt Pat. Aunt Pat was like, “Yes, you can go in but only up to your knees.” So, they went into the water and they realize how boring it was. So, then they started to play a chicken fight and then it wasn't until one of her uncles came and joined in. He never plays with big children. So, once he started playing, it was really fun until the narrator kicks her uncle in the head really hard, and the next thing you know, his eye pops out. She didn't know that he had a fake eye so she was already taking it back and it was obviously very expensive since he was so ballistic. So, what they did was – so, she was already scared that she was getting in trouble, like intense trouble because they paid top dollar. So, she tried to look for it in the water and she found it but let go of it because she was scared by it. So, she screamed only but she realized that it was possible to find that eyeball once again so her and the whole rest of the family are looking for the eyeball and then after an hour, her cousin finds it and then they realized that David and Michael were watching the whole entire time. 