So, the story starts – wait. The story starts with a woman talking about how much her family loves the Kennedys and she’s doing standup, I believe. She talks about how her family believes the Kennedys used to be their dearest probably school friends and relations. Their issues, their struggles, and their strives are all her own family’s struggles. There’s a lot of pain from the Kennedys. Once she remembers being in a car and she starts crying, I think because of the JFK assassination she hears on the radio, and her sister is making fun of her crying and her dad pulls the car off the road and looks back at them and says, “Don't ever be afraid to cry about that man.”
Then, she talks about how her family loves to vacation in the same beach coast as the Kennedys so they can spy on the Kennedy Compound when they are vacationing and she talks about how her aunts would set up chairs to look at the house and see people coming in and out, and would use binoculars to watch these people, like a comment if there's any new people or anything like that. Because of this, the aunts weren’t looking, or taking care of the children who are playing in the water and so the children get on some sort of boat which is in a riptide and takes them out into the ocean further out and they can barely see their aunts at the shore. In the shore? No.
They have no paddles; they have no life jackets. They're just being drifted away. That's when two men come in a boat and take them into their boat and bring them back to their aunts. It turns out to be too young, I believe, Kennedys, and this woman talks about how she expects to her aunts to be incredibly angry and she details the way each of her aunts specifically gets angry, and one of them is - she says the full address of the person she’s getting angry at, but this time, they weren't angry and all they could do was be incredibly nervous and excited around the Kennedys, who saved their children.   
 Afterwards, the kids weren't allowed to go back into the water. That was their punishment after forcing the Kennedys to take care of them. They were also accused with that. Then, eventually, they got so annoying on the beach that the aunts will allow them to go into the water and eventually start playing chicken fights because at the time, they weren't allowed to get in farther than to the knee, I believe.  
Then one of the kids’ dad comes into the water to play with them and they start doing chicken fights and by accident, the woman who’s telling the story, and she's a little girl, she kicks the dad in the face, on side of the face and his eye falls out, pops out completely into the water. It turns out it was a glass eye. She had no idea. I don’t know if the other kids have no idea. I’m pretty sure they didn’t completely, but the adults didn't tell them he had a glass eye because they didn't want the kids to be talking about his glass eye to the neighborhood. So, she gets in a lot of trouble for kicking his glass eye. She's kind of like exiled from her family and left on the side of – she was kind of excluded from the little group on the beach and then she looks to the distance and she sees a group of people staring at them, this kind of crazy yelling, nervous, excited family on the beach. She realizes that it’s the Kennedys who had been watching them this whole time. I'm done.