So, there’s this family. They are on a family trip, and her – and then she was in a car, and she was crying in the back seat. Then, her sister told her to stop crying - her sister told her dad that she was crying, and then her dad said, with tears in his eyes, like, “Don’t be afraid to cry about a man.” Then, they’re on this family vacation, and she has these four aunts that are obsessed, I guess, with spying on the Kennedys that lived next door, in front of the beach. The aunts would always have conversations about the Kennedys, and they were spying, like, hard. And then, the scoop of - so, because the aunts are so busy spying, the girl and her cousins, when they were really young, like nine years old, they get into this deflated boat on the ocean, I guess. Then, they didn’t realize they would get swept away, and they got swept away really, really far from shore, so the aunts looked like dots, and they were - they could see people on a ferry, then they realized they were really far away. Then, the Kennedys come up in a power boat, then David and Michael Kennedy saved them and put them on the power boat, and they go back to shore, so they could see the aunts again. The aunts were being very vague, I guess, in saying like “Oh, thank you to the Kennedys.” Then later, like once the Kennedys have left, the aunts were like, “Why are you giving problems to the Kennedys?” She said her aunt was a really threatening person. Then, her aunts ground them from getting in the water, then they keep whining to the aunts, and the aunts said. “Just up to your knees, you can get in the water.” So, they decide to do a chicken fight inside the water. Then, the uncle who never hangs out with them, comes. And so, they’re all having chicken fights, and it’s like a really good family time. Then [Pause] – and then they get into these chicken fights, then the girl elbows her aunt’s eye, and then her - I mean, her uncle’s eye, and then her uncle eyes falls out into the ocean. Then, they all realized that he had a fake eye, and they didn’t know he had a fake eye until that moment. Then, the eye falls into the ocean and sinks into the sand, and they’re all screaming. Then, the aunts come and the aunts are also in shock. Then, the girl, she’s frantically hoping to find the eye, and she hoped that she actually just died in the deflated boat instead of the Kennedys saving them. Then, once the Kennedys saved them – no, no, no. Then, she’s out looking for the eyeball, and then she is rummaging through the ocean, and she eventually finds this eyeball, and she’s in shock about the eyeball because there was just an eye staring at her. So, she just screams, and the eye sinks back into the ocean, but the family realizes that they could actually in fact find the eyeball. So, then they all keep looking for the eyeball, all of them. She genuinely hopes that there’s no happiness until they find the eyeball, and then eventually, one of her cousins find the eyeball in triumph. Then, the uncle plops the eyeball back into his eye and tests it out if its working, and it works. And then, now that she sees her uncle, they realized that it’s such a fake eye. Then, they all go back for dinner. Then, she hangs by a bit because the family was talking about the story like a million times, then she actually notices David and Michael Kennedy were watching the entire situation that had happened. Then, her story ends. 