So, this girl who lived 200 miles – no, 20 miles away where the Kennedys grew up, like their family is a big fan of the Kennedys. She was in the car, turned on the news, with J.F. Kennedy getting shot and assassinated, and she started crying. Her sister looked over and noticed she's crying, and turned to her dad and said, “Mikayla’s crying,” and the dad turns pulls over, and turns around with tears in his eyes, and said, “Don't you ever be ashamed for crying over that man, for that family.”
Her family owns a beach house that is right next to the Kennedys, and her two aunts would spy on the Kennedys throughout the day. They’d go in the morning, and they look at that, and they take a lunch break, and they’d hear about Rose, and how Rose is 85 years old, and she's kind of senile, and have Jackie is never around.
So, one day while the aunts were looking at the Kennedys with binoculars, she goes into the water with her cousin and they start drifting away after about five minutes because of the current, and they get so close to people on the ferries that they can see their faces, and there are descriptions of them, and their aunts become jumping dots on the shore. Then, a speed boat pulls up with two Kennedys brothers on them: David and Michael. They start bringing them back to shore, and the cousins realized that the aunts are going to be hysterical about this, and that one of the aunts started saying their address. She lives on the Asylum Road, and then the other aunt would say really nice things, but in a condescending way, like you're going to get your birthday gift if you eat your cake, things like that. But once the jumping dots got clearer, then they saw the aunt’s faces and the aunts realized that the Kennedy Brothers for bringing them back to shore. They turned into smiles, and they started talking like the Kennedys and being very proper, but then the second the Kennedys left, they got an earful from the aunts and they were no longer allowed to go into the water and had to stay on the shore.
But it was 30 degrees, it was really hot outside, like 40 degrees Celsius, and they kept begging their aunt if they can go in and finally got on their aunt’s last nerve. Then, it was like fine can go in but just up until your knees. So, they got all excited and went into the water. Once they in the water, they realized it was a very much fun being in the water when it just go out goes up to their knees, so they started chicken fight. During the chicken fight, her uncle comes over, Uncle Darrel, know that you can spy and her uncle comes over Uncle Darrell to never, ever, ever plays with them, and he puts his daughter Ilene on his back - or Irene, and Mikayla, she goes on her cousin's back, Kevin, and they started their chicken fight, but she accidentally hits her uncle at the side of the head with her foot and his eyeball pops out of his head and go straight into the water.
So, Kevin and Ilene are looking at each other, and they were like looking in there like, “Whoa, we didn't know that this guy had a plastic or a fake eye, and they're looking at Mikayla like you just kicked our dad’s eyeball off of his head, and the aunts on the beach start screaming and going crazy. So, everyone's screaming at each other, and then they're all blaming Mikayla for doing it. Then Mikayla just starts slowly backing up into the water to where it all happened, and she starts looking and she's not going to stop until she finds his eyeball.
She finds eyeball, she picks it up, she screams, and she dropped back into the water and sink to the bottom, so now that everyone knows that she can that you can like find eyeball and still there, they start searching. So, they searched for an hour and then they Kevin's finally finds the eyeball and he hold on to it. Then the uncle goes, and he watches the eyeball, and he pops back in, then he tested it to out to make sure it's lined up with the other eye. Then they kept playing through their vacation, but she hasn't fully recovered from this in the family will never accept her, she thinks because of that. To top it all off, the Kennedy Brothers, David and Michael had watched this whole eyeball seen go down. 