Okay. So, Mikayla's dad and her sister were driving on the highway, and something was playing on the radio about the Kennedys. Then, Mikayla started to cry and then her sister was like, “Oh, why? Dad, Mikayla’s crying.” So then, Mikayla was like, “Yes, I am crying,” and then the Dad pulled the car over on I-95. He was like, “Mikayla, it’s okay.” He was also crying. He was tearing up a little bit and he was like, “Mikayla, it’s okay to cry over the Kennedys.” So then, Mikayla goes into detail about a summer that her and her relatives had on the beach. She talked about how her aunts would always go on the beach and just sit and watch them observe the Kennedys. So, there was this one time when they were doing so, and one of her aunts, it was her aunt or her grandma and she was like - that the grandma had the binoculars on and she was pointing out all the people that were coming out, somebody named Rose and then Ethel, and then she was like calculating Ethel’s age and stuff. Yes, so they were doing that, and they would do that in a hot sun, they will be out there for hours, and then break for lunch and then return. 
Yes, so there was another - during that, I think it was the same day Mikayla says that her family go on a boat. I guess her and the aunts rest on the beach, so Mikayla and her family went on a boat, or they were swimming and then Mikayla and the family were drowning. The Kennedy sons had come on the boat and save them so they were on the boat driving back to shore with the Kennedys, Mikayla and them, and the Kennedys. Then Mikayla’s aunts see them and they're like freaking out. So, they're trying to grill Mikayla and her family but also make friendly with the Kennedy sons. Yes, you know smile and try to start conversation with them but they were actually really mad at Mikayla and them for inconveniencing the Kennedy sons.
So then, the Kennedys let them off the boat, and then they go about whatever they're doing. Then, the Kennedy ended up – Mikayla’s aunts are berating them and disciplining them and telling them that like they shouldn’t have drowned or whatever, not to inconvenience the Kennedys. They’ve gone through enough. So, then the aunts are like, “Okay. You guys are not allowed back in the water.” So then Mikayla and them and the family are arguing for 30 minutes and then the aunts ended up letting them back in the water.
Then, yes, she lets them back. Yes, she lets them back in the water but she says to only go knees deep. So, they do but then Mikayla says that they get bored of going and just being in the water at their knees. So then, they're like we need to go further. So then, they start going back, regressing in the water more and they start to play this game called chicken fights and they're like fighting in the water. Then Mikayla kicks her uncle's head with her leg or foot and then the uncle's fake eye popped out and everybody's like, “Oh my goodness.” Everybody's in shock. Mikayla’s in shock. Everybody around is in shock because obviously, they kind of didn't know that her uncle's eye would just pop out. Because if it was a real eye, I wouldn't do that. So, she realized it was a fake eye and everybody knew that it was a fake eye except her and like her small relatives, like her uncle, her nieces, and stuff like that and her sisters.
So then, Mikayla starts to look for the fake eye and then she finds it. Then, she screamed that she found it. Then her screaming and makes her drop back in the water. Everybody's looking for the eye and yes, after an hour of looking, Mikayla says that her brother, I believe, finds and then he's like, “I have the eye.”  Then, he holds onto it pretty tight, so it doesn’t fall back in the water, and then she said that the uncle puts the eye back in his own socket. Then, he's making sure that it was synced up with the other one so it's working at and it didn’t get damaged in the water. So then yes, they go back to play in the water and then they realized, Mikayla realizes that two of the Kennedy sons, David and Michael, I think, were looking or walking on the beach and she said by the look on their faces, she realized that they were watching that whole ordeal go down in real time, and yes. So, I guess she felt embarrassed? I don't know, but I'm done.