Basically, this girl – well, her family had this really weird obsession with the Kennedy family. I guess they thought that they had a lot in common and were practically the family that the Kennedys had never met. The Kennedys tragedy was also their own tragedy. It was so intense that one time this girl recalls that she was in the car with her sister and her dad and was talking about the assassination or the anniversary of JFK’s assassination, and she started crying a little. The sister was like, “Oh my gosh, she’s crying,” and the dad turned around and was like, “There’s nothing to be ashamed of,” or, “Never be ashamed of crying for that man,” whatever. Anyways, in the summers, or whatever, for vacation, they would always go rent out a house that was very close to where the Kennedys would rent out a house, or where their summer home was. During the days, it was like the same thing every day, where the aunts would go and set up their chairs outside on the beach but not to go in the water, not under an umbrella, not facing the sun or facing the view of the water, they would face it towards the Kennedy house. They would have binoculars and basically just spy on the Kennedys, which I think is like – anyway. So, they would basically just watch the Kennedys all day, and the narrator recalls that their conversations were basically the same every day, where it’s like, “Oh, this person just woke up,” and, “Oh, they finally got to this again.” Then if they didn’t recognize someone, they would map out a whole family tree in the sand and figure out which person’s child that was or whose friend that was or whatever. At lunch time, they would take a break, go eat, and do their thing, whatever, and then come back and have the same routine going on. The kids would just play in the water, but the aunts were so obsessed with the Kennedys that they didn’t even watch their own kids. One time, when they were like 9 years old, they climbed into this half-inflated raft with no oars or anything and floated super far away, and none of the aunts even really noticed until they were too far out and they fully were going to drown. They floated out to a point where the aunts were just like little dots on the sand and they can make out the faces of the people on the boat or ferry that would go by. Then, two of the Kennedy people came out. I think their names were Kevin and Dave or something like that. They came out on this motorboat or speedboat and rescued the three cousins and brought them back. The aunts were super furious, but then once they realized that it was these Kennedy boys that save them, they were half smiling, trying to be polite, and they were changing their voice to try to sound the way the Kennedy family spoke or whatever, which the narrator said it was like a combination of the Queen of England and some other accent. Like, “Oh, give our regards to your mother,” and whatever. Then, the narrator also talked about how they had different ways of talking when they would be angry at the children, which one of them was like just really angry and would say their full name and their home addresses. The narrator was saying that she grew up on Asylum Road, which says a lot about her personality or whatever. Another aunt would say things in a mean voice that were actually nice like, “Yes, I’m going to get you a present. You better eat that cake,” or something like that. So, they were rescued, whatever, and then they were saying that the kids couldn’t go into the water because they didn’t respect the water, so they made them lay out on the sand, which, of course, they all got hot and miserable. So, they made a new rule that the kids could only go up to their knees in the water, which was not that fun or exciting, so then they decide to start playing chicken. But it was kind of hard because it was just three cousins, so then the narrator’s uncle, her cousin’s dad, went up to play with them, which never happened, but it was l fun for a little while, I guess. He was playing chicken with his daughter on his shoulders and then the narrator was sitting on her other cousin shoulders, and she fell and kicked the uncle in the head. His glass eye popped out and fell into the water. Everyone was like freaking out, yelling at her because it was top dollar and they did not have the budget for it. The vacation was over. Then, the other aunts came in and they were all pointing blame. While everyone was yelling at each other, this narrator is literally wanting to shrivel up into a hole and is so feeling bad and sad, and started to sift through the sand to try to find the eye, which she does, but then she screams and drops it. But then once everyone realized that it was possible to find it again, everyone started looking, and they found it eventually. The dad or the uncle picked it up, wiped it off, and popped it back into his head. When they turned around, they realize that two of the Kennedy boys have been taking a walk on the beach and had watched the whole thing, so it’s kind of like a full circle moment where this family had been obsessed with watching Kennedys, and then in their worse moment, the Kennedys were watching back.  Also, actually, side note, this thing glitched out, and this is the second time that I’ve heard this story because I don’t know what happened, but I press the spacebar to start recording for the story and it completely closed down, and I had to redo it. So, I don’t know if that’s going to alter my thing since I had to listen to the same story twice, but 