Okay, so the story begins with the narrator talking about how much her family - she's from Rhode Island. Her parents are from Newport. She’s talking about how much her family loves the Kennedys, and she said her parents are married in the same church that John and Jackie got married in, and that for her wedding, her dad got her mother a replica jewelry that Jackie had, and that they're just obsessed with the Kennedys because they’re Irish and because they’re Catholic, which her family is as well.
The story begins with just background about how much her family is obsessed with them, how it was 10-year anniversary of JFK’s assassination, and she's in the car, and there’s this radio station talking about the assassination and she’s crying in the car listening to the story. Then, her sister starts teasing her because she's crying, and her dad pulls the car over and he turns around and he's also crying and it expresses how much they loved the Kennedys. 
Anyways, they’re from Rhode Island, but they go on vacation in Hyannis, Massachusetts,  because the Kennedy compound is there, and her whole family – this is extended family as well. Her extended family is also obsessed with the Kennedys, so they go in this vacation. They rented this house that’s right near the Kennedy compound, so they got a great view of the Kennedys at all times. She says that her four aunts sit on the beach all day outside of the house facing the Kennedy Compound just so that they can spy on the Kennedys.
They spied on the Kennedys so much that they're not paying attention to the children who's the narrator, her sister, and her cousins are in the water, and they’re playing in the water having fun and whatever. They see this boat - it's not really a boat. She describes it sort of like a canoe. It’s like plastic, it’s broken, it’s not really floating away, but they get in the boat anyway, her and her cousins, and they didn’t realize that they started drifting really fast away from the house, and they don't have ores or anything, so they can't stop themselves, and none of the adults have noticed that the kids have all floated away and disappeared into the water.
They turn around and they’re looking at the beach and then the kids realized how far away they are and they’re kind of freaking out. , so they know they’re really far now, and of course, Michael and – oh, my gosh, I forgot the other one’s name. Daniel? I don’t know. , I think. 
So, there’s two Kennedy boys on a motor boat – a powerboat, she calls it, but I think she means a motor boat. They pull up to all of the kids, just like floating on this plastic thing, and they saved them. So, they all get onto the Kennedy’s boat with them, and now the two Kennedy boys are pulling up to the vacation home where all the aunts have now realized that the kids have disappeared and they’re all standing in there looking really pissed off. Then, they see that the two people who saved their children are the Kennedys, so they’re freaking out, they don’t know how to process this because they are huge, huge fans of the Kennedys. 
So, the aunts are panicking, they don’t know what to do, they were like, “Oh, my god, the Kennedys are here, we’re obsessed with the Kennedys, whatever.” So, they pull up, they arrived at the vacation home, all the kids got out of the boat, the Kennedys are like carrying their kids, whatever. The aunts were like, “Thank you so much.” They’re trying to act really normal and nice for the Kennedy boys because they want to make a good impression I suppose on these people who they are such huge fans of. So, the Kennedy boys just got back on their boat, they left, they’re doing their own thing, and then all of the aunts have time to scold their children in private, and they’re telling them that they’re not allowed to play in the water for the rest of the vacation, and they have to sit on the sand because they don’t respect the ocean and they don’t appreciate the ocean or something, it’s weird. They said something weird.
So, now all the kids are on the sand, they’re really annoying their aunts, they’re asking tons of questions, they’re being annoying like kids are. So then when the aunts just got sick and tired of all the questions, she wants to go back to spying the Kennedys and relaxing. So, she tells the kids that they are allowed to play in the water, but only up to their knees. So, now, the kids are in the water, but it's boring just being in the water only up to your knees, there’s not much to do, they can’t actually swim, and they get the idea to start chicken fighting. So, they’re trying to chicken fight, but there's only three of them, so they can’t really chicken fight. Then, one of the uncles, Uncle Al, he comes in the water and he wants to play with the kids, which she said that Uncle Al never plays with them. So, it’s kind of weird, but they’re having fun, whatever. She said that Uncle Al has his daughter on his shoulders, and then the narrator is on, I think his son’s shoulders, or another cousin’s shoulders, and they start chicken fighting. But then, the narrator accidentally kicks Uncle Al really, really on the side of his head, and his eyeball pops out of his face. Obviously, she's freaking out, she’s like what the hell just happened. Everyone’s freaking out. The aunts are panicking, whatever, but something that the kids didn't know – well, I didn’t know – yes, I guess none of the kids know, that his eye was actually fake, so it’s not his real eye that popped out of his head, it’s a fake eye, but the aunts are still freaking out because this eye is really expensive and they need to find it, otherwise, he’s only going to be walking around with one eye, and the socket thing is open, like his eye socket is just open now because there’s no eyeball in there.
Then, the narrator is in the water, she's so disappointed in herself. She’s like, “I need to find this eye. This is the last thing I’d do. I need to find this eye.” She’s in the water and she’s sifting through the sand looking for the eye, whatever. It takes a while, she finds the eye, she picks it up, and then she freaks out because there’s an eye in her hand, so she freaked out, I don’t know. So, she dropped it, and now, the stakes are even higher because they’re like you just had it, we were so close, and you dropped the damn eye, but now, everyone else knows, “Okay, this eye is near us because she just had it in her hand.” All of the cousins and some of the aunts started looking for this eye too. So, now, everybody is looking for they eye. This is like a family mission to look for this eye right now. Eventually, at some point, I think it takes quite a while, her cousin whose name is Kevin who is Alice’s son – so, he finds his dad’s fake eye in the water. So, he finds the fake eye and he hands it to his dad, and his dad is very nonchalant, I don’t think he was really too stressed about this whole eye thing. He gets the eye, he like sort of cleans it off but not really because they’re in the ocean. So, he puts this dirty eye that was just in the ocean and all the sand, he puts it back into his face, and they just continued on their vacation, on their relaxing day at the beach like nothing ever happened right, but then the narrator, she turns around, she sees - I'm pretty sure his name was Michael and Daniel, the Kennedys, but I'm not sure. 
So, anyways, the two Kennedys that had saved them on the powerboat, they were just having a nice stroll on the beach, and of course, they see this family, they’re looking for this eye in the water, they were so confused. So, they’re watching the entire thing and the family didn’t realized until after this entire ordeal had happened that the Kennedys have been watching the whole time. They were mortified, they’re pretty embarrassed, and yes, that’s all I have to say. 