Okay. So then, the narrator grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, and she said that their family really admires the Kennedy family, and it's because they share similar religions, similar origins, and like all that,. So, they really admire the Kennedy family. Like their tragedies are also - like the Kennedy's family tragedies are also their own tragedies, so the Kennedy's tragedies plus their own tragedies are like a lot to handle. One time, they just got back from like dinner from their aunt's house, and on the car, she was listening to the Kennedy's assassin story and she started crying, and her family was like supporting like, “Oh, don't ever be afraid to cry for the Kennedy family.” Then she proceeded on introducing how every summer, they go to the a near their house, and the Kennedy family's house is like right next door, and her aunts would always bring out their chairs, not to sunbathe or to tan, but to sit in front and watch the Kennedy's house, like see what they're doing. And every - they would do it every day in the afternoon, and they would have the same conversation every day, every year, and it always starts off during the first hour, they would say something about like, “Oh, they brought Rose out,” and like an hour later, they would say something else. They would take a break for lunchtime and stuff. The narrator and her cousins would be playing on the beach, and the aunts would not pay much attention to them because they're too busy watching the Kennedys, and discussing - and having the same conversation every year. So, they would just play on the beach, and sometimes go inside the water. There was this one time where they went inside the water, they went on a boat or something, and they accidentally sailed too far from the house, and she said that the aunt's looks like dots to them, which means that they're very far away from the house, and they thought they would get in trouble because they sailed too far away. But then, they got saved by a power boat, which turns out was David and Michael Kennedy's power boat, and they were saved by them. So, thankfully, they were - they got back to the house, but then the aunts noticed and they got really mad, but they couldn't really get mad because the Kennedys were the ones that were saving them, so they were trying to hide their anger, but at the same time, being all nice to the Kennedy. But then later, the aunts got mad, and started banning - like started putting rules on what they could do and could not. At first, they said that they could only stay on the beach, not in the water, but then after 30 minutes of arguing and whining, they got on the aunts’ last nerves, and they said, “You could only go inside the water…” - they could only go inside the water up to their knees. So, they tried to go inside the water and play chicken, because that's what they - because then, they could like push each other off the shoulders, and maybe their whole body would be able to submerge in the water. And then, their uncle, who never played games with them, decided to join with their cousin, on top of the uncle, and they were playing chicken, and then the narrator accidentally kicked the uncle's head, or somewhere on his body, and knocked out his eye. They were all really surprised because she didn't know that he had a fake eye. So, she started looking for it in the ocean, and then she finally found it, but then got really scared because she was holding an eye, and then threw it back into the ocean. After that, everyone started looking for the eye, and someone, that was not her, finally found it, and then he put it back into the - back into his socket, and checked if the eye was still working, and thankfully it was. But everything started becoming really awkward, because she never noticed that he had a fake eye until now, and now, everyone knows that he has a fake eye. Then, they went back onto the beach. She wasn't fully integrated in the family yet, because of what just happened, and then she noticed that David and Michael Kennedy were taking a walk on the beach, and then it clicked into her head that maybe they saw the whole thing that happened, and – yes. I’m done.