Okay. The narrator talks about how she grew up in Rhode Island and how her family was really weird because they have this obsession with the Kennedy family and that the Kennedys were only 15 minutes away from, I guess, their childhood house. She goes on about how her family, like when her aunt got married, the husband gifted her accessories or something that were jewelry replicas of Jackie's, Jackie Kennedy's jewelry and accessories and whatnot. It was this very weird obsession with the Kennedys. [Laughter] She talks about during the summer - I don't know if it was every summer or one summer, but during the summer, her cousins and her would go to some beach. It was a beach that - a beach house that they would, I guess, rent for a few weeks, and it was right next to the Kennedy compound which was on the same beach. Her aunts would go out, all of them would cover themselves in sunscreen, and her aunts would go out on the beach and set up their beach chairs perfectly, but perfectly meant perfectly directional to look at the Kennedy compound or the Kennedy house or something. Her aunts would have binoculars and they would basically spend the whole time watching the Kennedys and talking about what they were doing and talking about the visitors. They would draw people's faces in the sand to create a profile for them and talk about, “Oh, this must be blah, blah, blah,” and basically just gossiping about them. They would do that basically for the whole day, but the kids would basically just be playing. And she talks about one day, they were basically playing, the kids were playing in the water. Her and her cousin were playing in the water, and their aunts were so focused on the Kennedys that they didn't see when the kids found this half-inflated float or boat in the water. The kids got on it and there were no oars, there was no propeller, and so they floated out to sea far enough where that she described the aunts were basically four dots on the beach and they didn't realize how far they had drifted out to sea until they saw a ferry boat and they could start describing the features of the people on the boat, on the ferry boat. They were clearly super far out, they couldn't see a lot. She talks about how all of a sudden, a wave crashed down on them, and when they basically surfaced, when the water got out of their eyes, they noticed a speedboat that came. It was David and Michael Kennedy who came to rescue them. So, they got on the boat, and I think maybe they didn't really know who David and Michael Kennedy were because they didn't have the same obsession that their aunts had, so they were more excited they're being saved by a speedboat. The two Kennedy boys, they take them back to the shore, and she talks about how they were so scared to face their aunts because she talked about how her family, like her aunts each had a weird way of expressing themselves. Like one of her aunts, whenever she got angry, she would call their name and then say their address. Then another aunt, Aunt Momo, I think, would get mad or she would say nice things but in a threatening way. She gave an example of “Oh, you come down here and you go on that beach towel now.” Something like that. So, they get to the beach and she said that the aunts were acting so weird because they were livid that the kids had done this and gotten lost at sea, essentially. They could tell that they were really angry, but the aunts were also obsessed with the Kennedys when they saw that there were two Kennedy boys that had rescued them, they were angry but also forcing smiles and everything, so they had these weird expression but then they would smile at the Kennedy boys and be like, “Oh, thank you so much.” They started talking like the Kennedys in a weird accent, but every time they looked back at the kids, that smile became one menacing, like, “Oh, you're so in trouble.” Eventually, the kids returned to the aunts and then the Kennedy boys, I guess, left and the aunts basically told them “Give our best to your parents,” or whatever. Once they left, the aunts gave it to them and they were so mad that they didn't allow the kids to play in the water at all for the remainder of the trip. But I guess the next day or something, the kids, they were complaining and whining and kicking sand and they kept having to reapply sunscreen because they were in the hot sun and couldn't go in the water to cool off. Until eventually, one of the aunts told them, “You can go into the water but only up to your knees.” They went up to the water, up to their knees, but they realized it was really boring until they started to have chicken fights, but it was weird because they were only three of them, so they’re basically just knocking each other off their shoulders so they could get immersed in the water. Then they noticed their uncle, Uncle Al, I think, he came over and started playing with them, which was weird because the uncle never really played with them. Now they had four and they played chicken fights properly, like getting on each other's shoulders and everything. It was fun until the girl, Mikayla, she accidentally kicked her uncle in the side of the head really hard and his eye popped out of the socket and fell into the water and sunk to the bottom. It was a fake eye but none of the kids knew he had a fake eye, so they were all horrified. Mikayla was so embarrassed and she felt really bad, but she talked about like sorry wouldn't cut it because that was such a bad thing. The uncle was immediately yelling and everything because the eye was really expensive. It was some sort of magnetic eye that was made to keep up with the other one. Her cousins were all looking at her like, “You ruined this,” or “Oh, I can't believe you did that,” until she immediately starts digging through the sand. She actually ends up finding the eye really quickly, but she gets scared of it because it's this eye looking back at her, so she screams and drops it back in the water. She didn't give up because then she knew at least it was possible to search through the sand to find it, so eventually, everyone gets in the water and starts digging around to find it. Her cousin ends up finding it and gives it back to the uncle, and the uncle basically washes it off and puts it back in the socket. Back when the eye popped out, she talked about being horrified about how it was basically just looking at his eye socket and how there was nothing in it and being really freaked out by that, but anyways, what I was talking about, he basically washes it off and puts it back in and tests it out. It ends up being fine. I guess it's just they all go back to the chairs and the towels and whatnot. They stopped playing, and she notices two figures on the beach, I guess, and it's David and Michael Kennedy, the same people that saved them the previous day, the Kennedys. They had gone for a walk on the beach, and I guess they were just standing there, looking at all of them, and she realized that they had seen everything, like the eye popping, everyone searching. She realized she had seen everything, and then she concludes it saying that they had been there the entire time watching them. Okay. I'm done