Okay. She said that she grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, no more than 20 miles from the Kennedys. Her family was like, “Wow, that’s crazy because we’re Irish and they’re Irish, and we’re Catholic and they’re Catholic.” It’s a whole thing. She said they were obsessed with the Kennedys, and they had their wedding in the same church as Jack and Jackie’s wedding, and the dad even got identical jewelry made for his wife that Jack gave to Jackie. I know there’s a whole part. I can’t remember. Let’s see. Every summer, the four aunts would take the person talking and her two cousins out to some beach place, and they would basically spy on the Kennedys the whole time. They would cover themselves in sunscreen and stuff and just watch the Kennedys and spy on them. If they didn’t remember or they would look at people - oh wait. Oh my god. I totally forgot about the part in the beginning where they’re driving - their family is obsessed with the Kennedys, and they’re driving and there’s a radio thing for the 10th anniversary of JFK’s assassination. The speaker started crying, and her sister was like, “Dad, she’s crying over this thing,” and the dad pulls over to the side of the road and he was like, “Don’t you ever feel bad about crying over that tragedy that happened to them.” Back to the aunts, they would spy on them, and anytime someone brought up someone who they didn’t recognize, they would draw a family tree on the ground and profiles them and try to figure out who they were. One time while they were doing this and they’re watching the Kennedys per usual, the kids found an inflatable boat thing on the shore, and the adults weren’t paying attention at all. The kids got into the boat and were immediately pulled out by a riptide into the Atlantic towards the ferry boat. Only once they’ve gotten so close to the ferry that they could make out the details on the people’s faces that they were like, “Oh my god, we’re so far out. We’re going to drown out here. There’s no way we’re getting back to shore.” Then, this big – I remember they said they were looking back and their aunts were just like four jumping dots on the beach basically at that point. This big wave crashes over them, and they’re like, “How are we going to get back?” Then it was David and Michael Kennedy, I think, pull up in their powerboat, and the kids were like, “Holy crap, it’s a powerboat.” They start driving them back to the shore, and as they’re coming back, the kids are like, “Oh crap, our aunts are going to be super mad at us. They’re going to be really pissed off.” Their aunts have certain ways of yelling at them. I think it was Aunt Momo would get so mad that she would list off their addresses as she was yelling at them, and she said - like the speaker said, she looked, it was 180 Asylum Drive, and she was like, “Yes, that was really – I lived on Asylum Drive. It’s all about me.” Another aunt, when she was mad, she would say things that sounded nice but in a threatening way. So, she’s going to be I’m going to get you a birthday present, eat your cake now,” in a really mean way. They were freaked out, the kids were freaked out that they’re going to yell at them, but then as they’re pulling in, the aunts realize who it was driving the boat. So, they were smiling and trying to act all nice. One of the aunts started talking, it was a British accent, and they’re acting all weird. The kids can tell that the aunts were really mad at them, but don’t want to lose face in front of the Kennedys, and so they’re like, “Oh, whatever.” Then, they finally get the Kennedys to leave, and they drop off in the shore. The aunts were so mad, and they’re like, “Okay, you can’t get in the water for the rest of the trip or else you’re going to ruin this vacation for us.” After an hour, the kids were broiling in the heat, like the kids were really hot and they’ve used up all the sunscreen. They started begging their aunts like, “Please, please, please let us go in the water. This sucks.” Finally, the aunt was like, “Fine, you can go in, but only up to your knees,” and so they’re really happy for a second, then go in and they’re like, “Wait, this is really boring.” So, they start doing chicken fights but with only three people, which is weird and is hard, but then their Uncle Al, which is her cousin’s dad, comes in and Uncle Al puts his daughter on his shoulders. They start chicken fighting again, and as they’re fighting, the narrator lady, she kicks out and accidentally kicks the side of her Uncle Al’s head, and his eyeball pops out of his head and falls into the ocean. They all started screaming, and her cousins are glaring at her like she killed their uncle, basically. None of them knew that he had a fake eye and didn’t even know that you could have a fake eye to put into your socket. The aunt is really mad because she’s like, “Oh my god, that was a special a magnetic eye that moves with the other eye and it cost so much. You better hope we can get our security deposit back for it,” or whatever, “Because now, we need to get another eye that’s not in the budget.” The narrator is really embarrassed and everyone’s going back to shore, but she’s just moping, searching through the sand, in the water on her knees and feeling really sad. All of a sudden, she picks up the eye and then screams and immediately drops it again, but now, they’re like, “Oh, well, it’s possible to find it,” and so they look for another hour. She’s secretly hoping that she’s not the one who finds at this time and she’s like, “Never let me be happy again until we find this eye.” She was really miserable. Her cousin finally finds it. I think his name is Michael, maybe. Then the uncle cleans it off a little bit, pops it back in and test it, and it’s still working, like magnetic and everything. So, they’re like, “Oh well, I g guess we’ll just go back to shore again. It’s good. It’s okay.” Everyone’s back together. The narrator’s not very close to the family yet or reintegrated into it. She looks off to the side and she notices that the two Kennedy guys who had saved them earlier have gone for a walk, and no one had noticed during all the commotion, but the two Kennedy guys were watching them this whole time from a distance and had seen the whole eyeball debacle. Yes. 