So, she grew up in Providence about 20 miles away from the Kennedy family, and she remembers on Thanksgiving a situation happening where she hears about the assassination of the Kennedy in the car with her father, and she starts crying. Her father says, “Never apologize for crying.” So, that kind of made her feel better about the situation.
She went on a trip with her family to the beach, and they were all sitting out by lawn chairs, and that's what they would always do, they sit out on the lawn chairs putting all the sunscreen on their bodies, and she remembers sitting by the water and her aunts are there, and they're all talking about the Kennedys.  She then goes into the water with her cousin, and she's swimming in the water and her family seems to completely just ignore her because they're so busy talking about the Kennedys. So, she goes to the water and she starts to float away in this little, I think it was a plastic floatie type boat, type thing, and she begins to float away into the water.
Her family, they don't realize that they’re in the water. Then she gets rescued by David Kennedy and Michael Kennedy, and they come in a little motorboat, picked them up, her and her cousin, picked them both up, and brought them back to shore. Her parents or her family, they were so mad at her, but they were trying to keep it in because of Michael and David Kennedy being there. So, they were just trying to keep in their anger, but she could tell that they were angry.
So then finally, David and Michael, they leave and go back in their boat, and their punishment was that they had to sit on the beach for a long period of time, and for the entire rest of the day, pretty much. They were whining and pouting and everything and finally, they were allowed back in the water but only up to their knees. So, they realized that it was quite boring if you're only in the water up to your knees, so then they came up with the idea that they would start a chicken fight, but with only three people, starting a chicken fight, how does that work exactly? So then, her uncle joined the chicken fight and she accidentally kicks her uncle hard on the side of his head, and his eye pops out of his eye socket. So, she starts screaming and her cousin start screaming, and everyone’s screaming, and they realized that they saw his eye is no longer in his eye socket. It’s actually at the bottom of the ocean now.
So, they're all looking for the eye and she didn't know what to do, like she didn't know what to do. She was in panic mode, and her aunts saying, “Oh, gosh, that was such an eye! We need to find it!” So, she's looking and looking and looking and looking. Finally, she finds the eye. She holds in her hand, and she screams and dropped it back into the ocean again, but at this point, she knew it was possible to find her uncle’s eye. So, the whole family gets into the water, they all start looking for the eye, and her cousin finds the eye and doesn't let go of it and gives it back to her uncle. Then, he just pops it right back into his eye socket, wipes it off, sees that it's working just like just as well as the other one with the whole being able to zoom in, zoom out just like the other eye, and popped it back in.
They continued and she felt kind of apart from her family at this point, just kind of an outcast in her family because obviously she had just almost drowned in the water and disappeared, and she kicked her uncle's eye socket out of his eyes, so of course she's feeling a bit apart of her family, but then, they all kind of bring her back in, and she's just speaking with her family, and they just enjoyed their time together. She says that she keeps like that. When that happened, when she knocked her uncle’s eye out, she just kind of hung out in the water for a little bit alone just thinking about what have happened, feeling the sand. I'm done.