Okay. So, the story started she said she grew up in Rhode Island and so did the Kennedys, they got the same time. They were Irish and the candies are Irish. They are Catholic and the Kennedys are Catholic and they're like family, I guess. So, they had this connection to the Kennedys and then one time in the car, they're playing something about the 10th anniversary of the tragedy of John F. Kennedy. Her sister was crying, or it was her that was crying and one of them was crying. One of them is like, “Oh my goodness, she's crying,” and then the dad turns around with tears in his eyes and then it's okay to cry like yes. They're saying how their dad or her dad grew up in Newport, Rhode Island, and sometimes in the summer or your aunts would take her on vacation to a rented beach house and they would be on the beach and the Kennedys are also there. The aunts would like spy on them and they would have their binoculars and bring out their beach chairs to go spy on the Kennedys, while the kids are playing and because they weren't paying attention to the kids. The kids found a boat, a half-inflated boat. They went inside and they kind of drifted out to sea while the aunts weren’t paying attention and they were really far. They went as far as like the ferry. They can like see the ferry and then their aunts turned into like dots. So, they were really far out and then they had to be saved because of waves hit them. So, a boat came and saved them and in the boat was David and Michael Kennedy. So, they got on the boat and they went back to the shore. When they got to the shore, the aunts - they could tell that they were going to be mad but because the Kennedys save them, they had to be nice and say, “Oh, thank you, thank you,” but then yes, they were mad that the Kennedys had to save them. After that, then the aunts said you can - or they said that they can't go on the water anymore, so they had to stay on the sand but it was like 102 degrees.  So, they really wanted to go in the water so they kept asking their aunts and then eventually, after 30 minutes, they broke their aunts at last in there. Then, she said they can go into the water up to their knees. So, they did that but then they quickly realize it was boring only going in the water up to your knees. So, then I started doing chicken fights in the water but it was only three of them, so it was really hard but they would like pushed into the water like fully get immersed in it and then she saying that her uncle who never plays with them, joined them, but then at one point, she accidentally kicked the side of his head really hard and then his eyeballs popped out and they were freaking out because they didn't know he had a fake eye. So then yes. She felt really bad that like the eye that cost a lot of money was gone, and then everyone was like freaking out. Then, she just kind of started back in the way into the water and then sifting through the sand. Then, she found the eyeball but then it scared her so she screamed and I dropped it back into the water but now it lets you know it could be found. They all got in and started looking for the eyeball. So then, one of them did find it and then gave it to the uncle. The uncle washed it off and put it back into like his eye socket and tested it out. It was like moving the following the other eye, and then when they got back, they realized that the two Kennedy boys like David and Michael were watching them the whole time and they saw the whole thing. Yes, 