Okay. So first, she talks about how she grew up in Providence, and they lived in a town where the Kennedys also lived. And then, one time they were driving in the car, the whole family, the girl started crying because of the Kennedys, and the sister was making fun of her, and the dad stopped the car on the highway and got mad at the sister. And then she talked about how they would - her whole family with her aunts and uncles and cousins, they would go to their house at the beach, and all the aunts would sit on the beach on their chairs and watch the Kennedys. And they wouldn't sit like in direct sunlight, they would sit facing the house towards the Kennedys, so they could watch them. Then, because they were watching the Kennedys, no one was watching the kids, so they - all the cousins took a raft together and they got in the ocean and they got really far from land, and they were near a big boat where they could see the people on the boat, and that's when they realized, they saw that - how far they were from the land, and they could see their aunts as like little dots. And then a speed boat came up to them, and they - and it was like two of the Kennedys, and they helped them and they brought them back to shore, and they were - she was talking about how mad her aunts would get, how one of them would say nice things but say them as a threat, and another aunt would get really mad, and the only thing she would be able to say were their names and where they lived. Then, they were like – so, they got back to shore with the Kennedys and they thought they were going to be really angry at them, but they just started thanking the Kennedys for saving them, but they are mad because the Kennedys have enough to deal with, like this is a tragedy that - a tragedy that's part of the Kennedy family. And then, after the Kennedys leave, they get really mad and they say they're not allowed to back in the water for the rest of vacation. So, the next day they go to the beach and the kids are throwing sand at each other and they're getting like really antsy because they can't go in the water because it's really hot, and then the aunts are like, “Fine, you can go in the water, but just to your knees.” So then, they go in the water but then they realize that you can't do anything up to your knees, so they decided to do a chicken fight, but there's only three of them, so one of the uncles, who never plays with the kids, comes into the water, and his daughter gets on his shoulders, and they do a chicken fight. So, the girl kicks her uncle really hard on the head accidentally, and he has a fake eyeball that pops out, and so everyone's just standing there in shock, and the kids of the uncle whose eyes fell out were really looking at them really mad, because none of the kids knew that it was a fake eyeball, but everyone else knew because - and the parents didn't tell them because they didn't want them to tell the neighbors that it was a fake eyeball. So then, they look for the eyeball, and she remembers that there's nothing there, so just the eye socket is open and it's really gross. So, she's really upset, and she was like everyone's really mad at her, and she's looking for the eyeball, and she finds it and then she drops it, and then when everyone realizes that it's possible to find the eyeball, they all looked for it for like an hour, and then her cousin, I think, Jack, found it, and then he just – oh, they were really mad because the eyeball was really expensive and they couldn't afford a new one, so when they find the eyeball, they - he pops it back in the socket and he tests it out, because it's magnetized, and it works fine. And then, she is able to - the family vacation can continue. Okay, 