It starts with her 20 miles away from the Kennedys and it ends with I believe it was two of the Kennedys, which I think Michael and Dave. I think their name was, but it was two Kennedys. Them seeing the funny and scary incident of the girl. How is the story. It first starts with how the speaker, I call her the girl, like how their family is so close, how their lives are so close to the Kennedys. It was very close from the Kennedys. The girl, she lived in Asylum Road, which she mentioned in the middle of the story. Let me think. She mentions about this I think it’s a vacation house or a vacation place which is right beside the Kennedy Place, which had a beach which they’d play. But wait, before that, the girl was describing about how close they were to the Kennedys. The girl once was in a car with her sister and her father, and she was crying because the radio was airing about the 10-year anniversary of JFK’s assassination. The girl, herself, cried. Her sister looked at her and she made fun of her, and told her father, “Look at that girl, she’s crying over this.” I don’t know if the father cried too. I knew he defended her, but I’m not sure if he cried. I’m going to assume that he did. He said, “You have every single right to the cry over that incident.” It’s just how close they were to it. Even though they didn’t know each other, I think she described it as like they were like distant relatives. They were like relatives, almost relatives. They’re not relatives, but they live so close together that it’s like they’re in the same world as they are. She described about the – let me think. This girl with the beach house, which I mentioned quite earlier. They would do it every single year. It was her and I believe it was either the cousins or her sister or both of them, and it was her and her aunts. They would be stalking the Kennedys and they would to try to find out which Kennedy was with them, and they would to track down the family’s tree. I think they do this yearly, and it was always the same process. They were describing about the Kennedys. Let me think. They would make a theory, “Oh, this is from one part of the Kennedy, and that’s them.” They just see them faraway. Anyway, she then describes about a story of her and I don’t remember if her friend. I don’t remember if it’s her sister or cousins, but she does something. I think she goes deep into the ocean. She does something very stupid. That’s what I remember. She almost was about to sink, but only those two Kennedys were able to save her, which I don’t remember the name. Probably it’s Michael and Dave. It was something like that. It had M and D; that’s what I remember. They came to with the rocking boat or something, and they would come back to this island. As they were coming back, they can see the dots, two dots, three dots of her aunts, being so mad, but it’s like a dot. As they get closer, it becomes like the aunts. She expresses them in a very interesting way. Anyway, she described about the ways that like her aunt will get angry. One time, it would be like one of the aunt will describe - would say your name and mention your address, which is how I knew the Asylum Road. Then, she also describes – there’s also another aunt where when she gets mad, she gets mad as if she’s threatening someone. She gave a couple of examples. Even though it sounds very nice, but the tone, it’s like she’s about to murder you. As they get closer with her and the Kennedys on boat, the aunts would see the Kennedys and they would hide their , they were hiding their , or they were overflowing by the wish that they were saved by the Kennedys. They were so mad not because they were about to be sick, but they were so mad because the Kennedys saw them do this. It’s funny because at the end of the story, but yes. The aunts get mad and they were like, “Okay, you guys are not allowed to touch the water in the beach, just the sand.” They would just be playing in the sand and kept nagging and annoying the aunts until they were like, “Okay, up until the knee level of the water.” They would do chicken fights, which they would bash each other, and once they were doing it, their uncle joined them. While they were doing it, the girl, the speaker who was describing this story, while they’re playing kicks the side of the head of her uncle. Her eyelids pop out. At the time, I freaked out when he said that, but it turns out it was just an artificial eye socket. The girl did not know about it, so they freaked out and they were so scared. The aunts were so angry. Not really angry because of the powerboat, because it was very expensive and it’s now in the water. They don’t know where it is. The girl felt so traumatized that she describes it like she would be screaming to this day, like a part of her is still screaming to this day about this incident. Let me think. They were looking for the eye socket, and that took time for them to do it. They kept looking, and then the girl finally finds it. She sees the eye, the eyeball, looking at her and she freaks out and then she threw it, and then the eye socket gets lost, which shows that it's possible to find. Everyone in the family tries to look for the uncle’s eye socket until they finally found it, which is one guy and he raises it triumphally. So, the uncle just takes it and washes it and then just puts it back inside, which traumatized the girl. The story telling fast forwards to  as they reflect back on the story, on the incident from the traditional beach house or their beach vacation. Only here the girl realized that the two Kennedys that saved them were watching this entire time this incident of the eyeball, which pretty much completes the entire story.