Okay. So, it starts with this girl talking about how her family likes to - their family has like a parasocial relationship with the Kennedys. They lived near the Kennedys, from mom and dad, got married with her because of the Kennedy rings, same church, all of that type of thing. The first thing that they talk about in this is how she starts crying about the Kennedy assassination while the family is on the highway. Then, the dad pulls over, also crying, to say, “Never feel ashamed for crying for this man,” which is a lot. And then, we are talking about the beach trip, where their family goes to a little beach house, and they decide - they have this ritual where they set up their beach chairs in order to watch the Kennedys, and by watching the Kennedys, they mapped out the family tree in the sand. They are also not at all paying attention to the children, they are rather making judgment calls about the Kennedys and like, “Oh, how old is this one, and who's that,” and blah-blah-blah. Most of the first half of the story is talking about details of the Kennedys, like, “Oh, how old is Rose? Who's this? Jackie doesn't come over here very often,” and it's just a lot of heavy focus on the Kennedys. And while the aunts are not paying attention to the kids, the kids essentially drift off into the ocean. They drift off into the ocean because they're in a little dinghy with no life jackets or oars, and they drift, and then they run to the ferry boat, and that's when they start realizing that, “Hmm, maybe we are very far away from shore.” And then, two of the Kennedys, Michael and Nathan? Those sound like fake names - anyway. Those two Kennedys are in their own little speedboat, they're just out there, and they picked up the kids, and the kids are taking them back to shore, and she is recounting the ways that her aunts sort of act angry, like one of them only says your name and then the address you live at, like, in a threatening way, and the other one says things that you would normally enjoy but says it in a threatening way. So, the aunts are all upset, they all yell at the kids for being disrespectful or whatever, and like a “burden” to the kind Kennedys. So, they go out, the Kennedys leave, everyone's sitting back in, and the aunts are just back to watching the Kennedys and seeing what happens. The second part of the story is that now, everyone's playing in the water, having a fun time, and then the storyteller kicks her uncle in the head on accident somehow, strong enough so that his prosthetic eye comes out, and it's now falling into the water, and everyone's yelling about how now it's all ruined, and that they don't have - him and his wife don't have the money to get a new prosthetic magnetic eye. So, she's backing up into the water, she's, like, secluded from her family, and she's rummaging through the water, and when she's rummaging through the water, she grabs the eye, but of course, it's kind of scary still to a child, you just have an eyeball in your hand, so she drops it again, and it alerts the rest of the family that it's possible to find the eye. They find the eye, they get it rinsed off and then put back in the guy's head. He blinks a couple times and then they just leave. I’m done.