The main character, her name is Mikayla. She grew up in a town in Rhode Island which was 20 minutes away from the Kennedys. They're super liked, from Jack and Jackie Kennedy. Both of their families are Irish and Catholics, and Mikayla's parents apparently got married in the same church as Jack and Jackie. This was in Newport, Rhode Island, and apparently, Mikayla's parents also got - Mikayla's dad got like an identical-looking set of jewelry for her mom for the wedding, and they literally knew so much about like the Kennedys. They both have had tragedies in their family. Everything that's happened to the Kennedys basically was as if it happened to Mikayla's family. Mikayla's family is very obsessed with the Kennedys, and kind of knew them. 
One day, they were in the car, Mikayla’s dad and her sister, and Mikayla, and Mikayla was sitting in the backseat with her sister. The radio’s on and all of a sudden, it says that something happened to the Kennedys. I think someone died. It was the 12th or 10th, I think, it's the 12th anniversary of the assassination, and Mikayla just starts crying in the back and her sister turns to her and she's like, “Why are you crying? You shouldn't be crying.” Then, Mikayla's dad in the driver's seat turns around and he's like saying in an Italian accent like, “You have every right to cry,” or it was something like, “This is something that you cry about,” and he was tearing up saying that. So, that just kind of shows how much they are obsessed with the Kennedys, and everything that happened to the Kennedys hurt them. Then apparently, Mikayla has three or four aunts, and every summer, they would go off the cove, like this town and it had beaches. They have this beach house, and they would have rent it, and the beach house was next to the Kennedys. So, she has three aunts: Aunt , Aunt Momo, and Aunt something. So, every single time, they would set out these beach chairs, and the beach chair is going to be like pointed towards the shore, or the water, or the kids to look over the three cousins which included Mikayla.
The beach chairs would be pointed towards the Kennedy side, and the three aunts would sit there and have binoculars and keep a tab on the Kennedys and what they're doing. Every single day, at the end of the day, their conclusion was like, “Oh, where is Jackie? We didn't see her.” So, meanwhile, the three cousins are in the water and they're just playing around, and they go farther than knee-deep and whatever, and it's like 100° outside. The aunts just talked about like, “I saw Rose, like what is Rose up to?” Then, they talk about some of the other people that they’ve seen on the Kennedy side, and then they break, and then the kids join the aunts for lunch, and they're having lobster, butter, and then they go back to playing with the aunts, like sit in the beach chairs. 
So, the aunts are so engrossed in the Kennedys in watching them that they didn't realize that the three kids somehow were swept Away by the current off the shore, to the point where Mikayla literally - when she looked over to look at her aunt, they were like a dot, like that's how they look like. That's how far out she was, and David and one of the other Kennedy boys pulled up in a powerboat and rescued them, and then they run the powerboat. When they were coming back to the shore, the aunts looked as if they were going to rip them to pieces. Normally, that's what they do. One of the aunts resort to threats, and the other resorts to just being nice in a way, but kind of threatening. So, that happened, and then when they came back, the aunts looked like they wanted to rip them to pieces but they didn't because they start smiling when they saw that the Kennedy boys were there, but they were interrogating them after and got mad at them. Then, the next thing that happened was as a punishment, they weren’t allowed to go into the water and then after an hour of whining, one of the aunts was like, “Okay fine, whatever. You can go back into the water, but only until knee-length,” and they were playing in the water in knee-length, but they realized it wasn't fun. So, they eventually went more into the water a little bit, and then they were trying to play chicken fight, but it was three of them, so it was kind of awkward. So, Uncle Al, her other two cousins’ dad, he joined because for some reason, he never came out, but he came out this one time and joins and put one of the girls - his daughter, which is Mikayla’s cousin on his back, on his shoulders, to play chicken fight. So, it was even and fun. Then, they played chicken fight and somehow it got kind of aggressive, and Mikayla ended up kicking really hard the side of Uncle Al's face, and his eyeball popped out, and that's when they realized that Al had a fake eyeball, and it was scary and the two cousins literally were looking at Mikayla like, “What did you do?” They were so upset, and the eyeball fell into the water, so Mikayla was sifting through sand and she felt like, “I wished that I wasn't rescued by the powerboat and I want to die,” and all those because her aunts were yelling and she was feeling so bad. She's like, “I don't know what to even say. You don't even say ‘I'm sorry’ in this situation.” This eyeball was apparently magnetic and expensive and coordinated the movement with the other eyeball. So, it was like more on the advanced technological side when it comes to fake eyeballs. 
So, Mikayla spent an hour sifting through sand, and then she found the eyeball, and then she got so scared when she saw it, that she dropped it back and then that's when everybody got hope that they would find the eyeball. So, they all went to the water, and they found it after maybe a few hours, and that was her cousin that found it. When that happened, he gave it to his dad Al, and he popped it back into his eyeball. Then, they just went inside, and they just kept telling the story over and over again, and the blame on Mikayla. 