So, basically in this story, it's about this person named Mikayla. So, her family used to grow up on - grew up on Providence, Rhode Island, which is apparently near the Kennedy family. So, as a child, she found many, many similarities to this Kennedy family, such as personal habits, location, and otherwise. For comedic anecdote, she gave one example of - like when JFK got assassinated, her father was like, “Yeah, you can cry about - sometimes it's okay to cry,” something along those lines. So, one day, she and her family, they went on to this beach vacation, and in the beach vacation, they get into various antics and escapades that does get kind of out of hand here and there. So, for instance – essentially, during a boating adventure, during that trip, apparently their boat malfunctioned for a little bit, and then - but they were fortunately saved by two people, who I believe were named Jack – Jackie? No, that was the - that was an example of a couple, but they were saved by two people of the Kennedy family. And when that was done, they decided to play - after that was done, they also played around in the water for a little bit, however – unfortunately, for Mikayla, she actually popped out her uncle's eyeball out, which was very much to everyone's surprise, because apparently - because it is natural to kind of believe that an eyeball is an actual piece of you, nothing bad will really – hopefully, nothing bad will happen to it. But for them, the problem with this eyeball in particular is that this was apparently a glass eye. It was also an extremely expensive glass eye, at that. So, it turned into like a really gigantic hunt for - to search for a glass eye. By now, Mikayla is feeling rather - Mikayla is feeling rather discontent by being tasked with those – pretty much all the fingers were pointing towards her. So, she was pretty much seen in a very, very unfavorable light with the rest of the family, and so she had to keep looking and looking and looking for like, literally, hours, and I think to put it into her own words, she wouldn't find happiness until - she would not find happiness until the eyeball was found. And then I suppose somewhat comedically, she ends up - she actually does end up finding the eyeball in the midst of a bunch of sand and a bunch of seashells and whatnot, but unfortunately for her, she ends up basically getting very framed by this eyeball, and she ends up dropping it to the ground. So, she ends up dropping it to the ground – she drops it to the ground out of fright, because it's a very realistic looking eyeball, which I think can be assumed because of how expensive this eyeball is supposed to have costed. Because of that, this does give Mikayla some hope, as she actually knows where the actual location of this eyeball is now, so she is able to call her entire family over, and they scoured the waters and the beach in order to look for this missing glass eye, and eventually, they do find the glass eye, much to everyone's delight. Very surprisingly though, it does seem that her Uncle Al did have a rather calm reaction to it, literally just washing the eyeball up and then plugging it back into his eye socket again, which is pretty - which I think would be rather casual, didn't seem to - surprisingly enough, the glass eye didn't seem to take any actual damage, so I suppose there's no worry for infections or anything like that, but I digress. But anyway, they do – anyway. They end up finding the eye, and they gathered around for this little campfire. Mikayla does feel a bit left out mostly because - I guess, mostly because she is the person who - most people did put the blame onto her for losing Uncle Al's glass eye. So, they do - so while the rest of the family was grouped together, she noticed that in the distance, she sees the Kennedy family’s two younger children, and then the realization struck her. The realization struck her, and she kind of forgot about the fact that there were bystanders on the beach, and it kind of - and the bystanders just saw this sitcom unfold, unfold all before their eyes. So, that kind of gave Mikayla a bit of embarrassment, I suppose. So, yes, that was essentially the recollection of the story. Yes, that was essentially the whole story. It was essentially, lots of similarities to Kennedys, and then the rather disastrous beach story, ending up - which ends up finding a prosthetic organ. So, yes. 