Okay, so this person is Irish Catholic and the Kennedys were also Irish Catholics, so their family saw the Kennedy family as their family like a distant family who's busy but they love each other. The narrator and her cousins go to I believe Cape Cod with their aunts, I believe three aunts. Their aunts would spend all day - their aunts would put sunscreen on - one aunt would roll the other aunt’s hair, the aunts would put sunscreen on the back of their necks, top of their hands, top of their feet. They’d set up their beach chairs perfectly to look at the Kennedy estate, which was just across the way. They’d sit there with her binoculars talking about things that they saw the Kennedys do, trying to figure out who each person was, they would draw out the family tree in the stand. The narrator's mother and father got married at the same place as I believe Jack and Jackie Kennedy, and the narrator's father got the narrator’s mother a replica of the jewelry that Jack got Jackie Kennedy I believe for their wedding. They were back – okay, so back at the at the beach, the aunts were there, just watching the Kennedy estate, just spying on them basically. The cousins found a little boat, a half inflated plastic boat, and the aunts weren’t watching because they were watching the Kennedys, and so the cousins got into the boat and went out into the water. They started floating away to the point so far where they only saw their aunts as four jumping dots. Then they almost drowned. They didn't realize how far they were until they could make out the facial features of the people on the boat that they were approaching. Then a huge wave of water came over them and they almost drowned, but as soon as the water cleared from their eyes, a powerboat came up and it was two boys and it was two of the Kennedys. I believe one of their names was Michael, I don't remember the other one's name, maybe Jack. I'm not sure. Yes, the Kennedys picked them up and saved them, and the powerboat with the cousins and the Kennedys started going back to shore, to the aunts. The narrator and the cousins knew that they were really going to get it in the aunts based on the way that the aunts were looking at them, but it was weird because they were just smiling at the Kennedys, trying to be nice. One of the aunts would talk in this weird accent that was between – oh, I don't remember, some famous person and the Queen of England. Also, the aunts had weird things. When they got really mad, one of them would start yelling out the cousins’ addresses. The narrator grew up on Asylum Lane or Asylum Road or something like that, so yes, the aunt would yell their full names and then yell their address. Then another aunt had a weird thing where she would say things that were really nice but in a mean tone like one of the things was like, “I'll save you from drowning. Go sit out on the beach and lay out in the sun now” or “Oh, I'll get you a birthday present. Eat your cake now,” so it was just like that. The Kennedys and the kids came up and the aunts were just smiling at them. One of the aunts was talking in her weird semi-British accent. As they pulled away, the Kennedys pulled away. Then the kids were not allowed to go in the water anymore, and then after a long time of begging and pleading, the aunts finally allowed the kids to go into the water but only up to their knees. It was three cousins, they were trying to have fun so they started doing chicken fights, but it was weird because it was only three of them. Then their uncle, the narrator's uncle, came up and started doing the chicken fights with them. The narrator was on her boy cousin, and the narrator's girl cousin was on the uncle. In the chicken fight, the narrator accidentally kicked the uncle's head, side of his head really hard and his fake eye ball popped out. Everyone was freaking out. The cousins were looking at her with hate like, “You just broke my dad.” Then the narrator was shuffling around in the water through pebbles and seashells, looking for the eyeball, and then she found it but she screamed and she dropped it. Then they all start looking for it again and after about an hour, the boy cousin found it and held it up in a fist triumphantly and he did not drop it. He gave it back to the uncle, which by the way, his eye socket was empty and his “lid” was open, so you could just see the skin of the eyeball in there. He got the eyeball, he rinsed it off in the water, and he just popped it back in. By then, the narrator was like she could tell that it was a fake eye and she wondered how she could never tell before. Also, they were freaking out really badly because this eyeball was really expensive. It was top-dollar and it was magnetized up, so it moved with his other eye and so the aunts and uncles were really upset because they couldn't afford another top-dollar eyeball, that they needed to have one and it wasn't in the budget. Yes, he popped his eyeball back in and it worked just fine. That's all I remember, so I'm done.