This story was about a woman who is from Rhode Island, in Newport, Rhode Island, and she had a story saying that her family is similar to the Kennedys, and that for starters, that both of them are from Rhode Island. Both of them were living in Rhode Island. They’re also Irish, I believe, and also Catholic. She goes on to say that her family has this obsession with any tragedy that happens to the Kennedys also happens to their family, and vice versa. So, it’s like this weird connection between the families, and also how her parents got married in the same church in Rhode Island as Jack and Jackie Kennedy did at St. Mary’s, I believe. Her dad gave her mom replica jewelry of Jackie Kennedy’s wedding ring, I believe, to their wedding as well. Yes. Then, the story, she moves on to say that she remembers when she was younger being in the car with her sisters and her parents, and her dad was driving. Then, she remembers this story on 10th or 11th anniversary of JFK’s assassination, and it’s this radio show talking about it. She began crying at the back of the car, and her older sister started making fun of her and was like, “Oh, ha, ha! Dad, look at her crying about the radio show.” Her dad looks back over his shoulder with tears in his eyes, and it was with this accent like, “Don’t you ever feel ashamed for crying about that family.” Yes. Then, the story moves on to how for their summer vacations, they would go to a picnic. No. It’s something with an H, like the Hyannis or something like that, like a beachy town, and her four aunts would go with her and her cousin. They would rent this house on that beach in Rhode Island, and they would do the same thing every time they went where the aunts, the four of them, would set up on the beach not in the sun for sun tanning, not towards the water or anything. They would set up looking at the Kennedys’ house that they had there because they would rent a house that was right next to them or that was close to the Kennedys’ house there. Yes. So, the aunts’ version of vacation was spying on the Kennedys. They would have their binoculars and sit and face the house. The woman said that the aunts would say the same story every single time. In mid-morning, they’d be like, “Oh, there’s Rose sitting, their mother, at the Kennedy house. She’s out today.” Then, they’d say something else about different family members being there, the grandchildren being in the house and stuff like that. Then, around lunch time, they would have a conversation about, “Oh, it’s a shame that Jackie never comes to the house anymore. She’s never there with the family.” They talk about that, and they’d take a break for lunch. Then, they would also talk about anyone new, and they would draw the Kennedy family tree in the sand and try to figure out who it was, and they’d be like, “Oh, that’s Bobby’s friend,” or something like that. That’s on Bobby’s side. Then, they would say like, “Oh, I hope that Rose doesn’t find out about poor Bobby,” and stuff like that. Oh, and then they would also have the same conversation about how old the grandmother Rose is, and they would start it by being, “Oh, well, Jeff, he died in…” I forgot the year. Then, they would say, “Well, it’s been 10 years since that. So, now, we could see her,” and then they would say, “Oh, well, the grandmother was 81 when he died, so now she’s 85. It was four years later.” So, that’s how they would talk. The woman telling the story remembers that her and her cousins – it was her and two cousins. There were three of them total would play in the water, and the aunts were so focused watching the Kennedy house that they forgot about the kids in the water. One summer in particular, the cousins saw a plastic boat that was only half a blown up, and that there weren’t words on it. So, the cousins decided to get in it, and the aunts weren’t paying attention to be like, “Don’t go in there. Don’t do that. That’s stupid.” So, the kids got in it, and it ended up a riptide getting thrown out to the Atlantic, and they were getting pushed further and further away from the shore. It wasn’t until they were all the way out with ferry scouts in Nantucket that they realized how far out they were and how much trouble they were in. Then, they saw their aunts just like blobs on the sand jumping, and then they got hit by this big slough in the water, and a powerboat came right up next to them, and they realized that it was two of the Kennedy kids. I forgot the names. It’s like Michael or Danny. They rescued the cousins in the powerboat, and they started making their way back to shore in the Kennedy powerboat. Then, they realized on their way back, the cousins, they were like, “Oh, my God. We’re going to get in so much trouble from our aunts.” She was recalling how normally her aunts, her Aunt Gert will hum only like when she’ll get so mad that she’ll only be able to say the kid’s name and then where they live. Then, the woman telling the story was like, “Yes, she would be like – I forgot her name, Avery, living at 180 Asylum Lane,” and she said, “Yes, I actually grew up on Asylum Lane. I can say how my childhood went and made a joke about that.” Then, she went back to the story about how they got back to the shore, and her aunts got so mad, but then they saw that the Kennedys were there and that they were the ones that rescued them. So, they emotionally dealt with it. They’ve kind of snapped and they were doing a lot of fake smiles or pretending everything was fine, but then giving the looks to the cousins of, “Wait until we get away from the Kennedys and we get back to the house, and then you’re going to be in for it,” and get all the yelling and everything. So, they were like, “Thank you so much, the Kennedys,” da-da-da-da, and then they went back to the house. Basically, the aunts were super serious with the cousins and they were like, “How can you do that and how could you do that to the Kennedys after all they’ve been through?” It’s like, “Wow, how inconsiderate.” For the next day, the aunts were like, “Okay. You guys can’t go in the water anymore. You have to stay on the beach with us. After 30 minutes of the kids getting in fights and not staying with all the proper tone, paddles, and just being annoying on the beach. The aunts were finally like, “Okay. You can go in the water, but only knee-deep in the water.” Oh, and they had said initially, the kids couldn’t go out in the water because they didn’t respect the water and stuff like that, but yes. Then, they were like, “Okay. You can actually go in knee-deep. The kids did that for a minute, and then were like, “Oh, this is not super fun only being able to go in knee-deep.” So, the three of them decided like, “Oh, let’s try to do a chicken fight,” but there were only three of them. So, it didn’t really work, but they were trying to have fun. Then, her cousin’s uncle, or her uncle, her cousin’s dad came to join them in the chicken fight, and his name is Uncle Al, I think. Uncle Al was having his daughter on his shoulders when they were doing the chicken fight. The woman telling the story, she ended up kicking her Uncle Al in the head with her foot and it was really hard. It ended up popping out his fake eye. The fake eye went into the ocean. None of the kids knew that the uncle had a fake eye, so they all started freaking out, and they were like, “Oh, my God!” So, yes. Then, the woman who was telling the story who kicked her uncle’s eye, she’s gotten in a lot of trouble from her aunts because her aunt was like, “Oh, my God. Do you know how much money that eyeball costs? It was one of the good ones, worth all the money, and it kept up with the other eye. So, it was good.” Yes. So then, she felt really bad, and she ended up looking in the water, sifting through the sand in the ocean looking for it hopelessly and like, “I’m never going to find it,” but she ended up having the eyeball in her palm, but then she got freaked out, and she was like, “Oh, my God. It’s the fake eyeball in my hand,” so she dropped it again in the ocean and was screaming, but then, all the cousins and the aunts and the uncle were like, “Oh, we can find it,” so they started sifting through it and looking for it in the ocean. After an hour, her cousin found it. Her uncle was able to wash it off and then put it right back in. He tested out the eyeball and moved it around, and it was tracking good with the other eye, so they were like, “Okay. Cool. It’s working.” Then, the woman who was telling the story who kicked her uncle in the head, she looked towards the beach and saw some people standing and watching them when she realized that it was the Kennedys. She had realized that two of the Kennedy brothers had taken a walk on the beach and had stopped and must have been watching them for the whole time, and yes, the end. I think that was it. Yes, the ladies kind of - her families are into . I’m done.