This story was told by a girl named Mikayla, and it’s about her family’s relationship with the Kennedys. She grew up 20 or 30 minutes from Rhode Island, near the Kennedy family, and Mikayla’s family was very involved emotionally with the Kennedy family. Anything that happened to them was like shared tragedy, and everybody had tragedy together. Even if the Kennedys didn’t fully know that Mikayla’s family existed, they were shared via radios and stuff. Then one Thanksgiving, when she was over at her grandmother’s house with her parents, they left - it was Mikayla, Mikayla’s sister, and her parents, and they left Thanksgiving. On the way. the radio was on and they heard about the president’s assassination, to which Mikayla started crying, and her sister made fun of her. Then, her father pulled over on the highway, probably I-95 or something, and her dad tells her that this Kennedy is worth crying over. Then, they find out that their dad and their mom got married in the same church as JFK and Jackie, and that when they got married, they shared jewelry or had the same jewelry as the other family, or Mikayla’s parents had the same jewelry as JFK and Jackie. They were listening to some Arthurian music maybe. Then, flash forward to vacation time, Mikayla would go on vacation with her cousins. They were at a beach and this beach was next to the Kennedy estate. They would stay there for a week, and the aunts would basically spy on them. There was like their house, their rented beach house, and then the Kennedy house and then the sand in the water, but rather than setting up the chairs to look at the water, they would set up the chairs to spy on the Kennedy family with some high-tech binoculars or something. I think the aunts names were Pat, Gert, and Rose – no, Pat, Gert, and Rose, and then they would all just be involved with each other, the adults, and then the kids were kind of on their own. Some of the things they spotted were Bobby and Rose who are a part of the Kennedy family. I don’t remember what the relationship was. They did note that even though they saw a bunch of the Kennedys, they never saw Jackie, and apparently, that was a big deal. Because the adults were so involved in this spying, they never watch the kids who are probably nine or 10. There was a plastic boat on their beach that the aunts never paid attention to, but the kids decided to commandeer into the water, except they’re all children and there’s no oars, and the tides are really long in Nantucket. They have no safety and they go into the sea, and it’s too much for them to handle. Then, after they go into the sea, they get lost and they can’t see their aunts anymore, then they get rescued by a boat and they’re like, “Wow, we got rescued by this big boat.” The boat brings them back to the shore, back to their aunts who are really mad. One of the aunts usually gets mad and starts talking about addresses, and the other aunt is very nice but commanding, so she was like, “Go lay on the beach towel now,” and then they realized that their saviors were David and Michael Kennedy. The aunts don’t have anymore emotional capacity to deal with the kids because they have to put up a front for the Kennedys because of the shared tragedy or trauma. They get mad at the kids not for drowning, but because the Kennedys are now out of their way, out of the superior Kennedy lifestyle to kind of help this family. But then they leave and it’s okay. After they leave, what did the kids start doing? Uncle Al. So, they started playing in the water with their uncle, playing chicken, and they needed a fourth person, so Uncle Al joined. But then Mikayla hits her uncle’s head really hard and his eyeball pops out, and none of them knew it was a fake eyeball, but because the parents thought that if they knew that it was a fake eyeball, then they would tattle tale and then that would ruin their reputation. Now, her cousins are mad at her because their dad’s eyeball is gone, and her aunt is mad at her because of the expensive eyeball. Then, she decides that she would have rather drowned, and the Kennedys are there – oh, no. First, they try to look for the eyeball. She finds it but then she drops it, but then they find out that they can find it again, so there’s this whole commotion. They find the eyeball, they returned it to Uncle Al. It’s kind of terrible, but then everyone finds it. He pops it right back into the socket, which was just the lid. What else? Now the eye seems obvious that it’s fake and everyone’s retelling the story over and over again, now that they’re back from vacation and vacation is resumed, and then they realize that David and Michael were watching the entire time. So, the Kennedys knew about this little dramatic story. I think that’s it. 