So, to start off, the lady, Mikayla, she's talking about her family is from Rhode Island near Newport. They lived nearby the Kennedys, and they considered them to be – they knew a lot about their family, and they considered all of their problems to be - they just considered them to be really close. She was also talking about how her parents got married at the same place as JFK and Jackie Kennedy, and how her dad, I think, made a replica copy of the jewelry that JFK gave to Jackie. She was talking about how in the summertime, her four aunts would take her and her cousins on this big trip to the beach. So, when they got to the beach one of the things that - especially the aunts, really liked to do was watch the Kennedys. They would just spy on the Kennedys on the beach, and they would talk about the family, they’ll draw the family tree in the sand, and they said that their beach chairs were pointed away from the sun, not in the wind, but pointed in a specific way that they had the best view of the Kennedys. Since the four aunts were so focused on watching the Kennedys, the kids had no supervision. They would just go in the water by themselves. So, at one point, Mikayla and her cousins Kevin and the other one, Jennifer maybe? I’m not sure. They got into this plastic boat and then this wave came way over them, and they were kind of drowning for a second, but this powerboat came by and there's two people in the powerboat. It was David and Michael Kennedy and they sort of rescued them from the water. Then David and Michael Kennedy brought them to shore, and the aunts were talking to them for a while. Then after the two boys left, the aunts were so embarrassed that the Kennedys had to save them and she made a comment like, “The Kennedys already have so many family problems and they'll have to save you guys.” The aunts put the cousins and Mikayla in trouble for a little bit and they just had to stay in the sand, and they weren't allowed to go in the water. Then eventually, they were able to go in the water up to their knees, but it wasn't that much fun. Then, Mikayla’s uncle, he got into the water, and he was playing around. He never really played with the kids, so this was a rare occasion, but at one point, Mikayla accidentally kicked the uncle in the face. He had a fake eye and it fell out into the water. She was so embarrassed, and she didn't even know what to say. She said, “How could you even say sorry to something like that? There's nothing you can even say to that.” Yes, she was so embarrassed and the whole family was searching for the eye because it was so expensive, and they were even going to cancel the trip so that they could save money to buy a new eye. Then eventually, Mikayla, she was sifting in the sand. She picked up the eye but she was so scared so she dropped it back again, but then, since they knew it was possible to find the eye, the whole family was digging and digging and a couple of hours passed, they were able to find - Kevin was the one that found the eye and then he gave it to the uncle and the uncle, he just sort of washed it off in the water and then he put it back in his eye like it was nothing. Afterwards, Mikayla said, “It was so obvious that it was a fake eye. How could she have ever known that it wasn't real?” Because it was a magnetic eye, it would move with the other eye but apparently, now that she knew it was fake, it was obvious to tell. So, the whole family was back to normal. They were happy again that the trip was not canceled. Mikayla was kind of standing off to the side a little bit because she was still embarrassed, but she noticed that David and Michael were taking a walk on the beach and she could tell that they had seen everything that had happened. Yes, basically the two Kennedy boys, they saw everything that had happened, but I don't think she told her family that. She just kept it to herself. I'm done. 