So, this girl Mikayla has a crazy family that is obsessed with the Kennedys and, one time, she was driving in the car with her family and they were playing on the radio, an anniversary thing for Kennedy’s passing, or not passing. He didn’t just die, he was assassinated. Anyway, she was really sad, getting emotional and started crying, and then someone, I think it’s her dad, pulled over and took her out of the car and was like, “Don’t you ever feel ashamed to cry about these people. They are family,” kind of thing, like that. Then, they go home, whatever.
Cut to when her aunts take her and her cousins on this vacation every single year to Cape, and they set up their seats not facing the ocean, not facing where you normally face at the beach, they are facing right onto the Kennedy’s property. That’s because they don’t plan on going into the ocean at all, they plan on just sitting there with their binoculars watching the Kennedy property to see who they can see. So, while they’re doing this, they notice Rose walk out, and then they’re like, “Oh my gosh, how old is Rose now?” So then, one of the answers to calculate how old Rose is and then they start talking about the other members in the Kennedy family. Basically, they had the same conversation every single year that they go and they sit there and then they’re ready for lunch. Then when they came back, they’re watching again, they’re paying so close attention that they didn’t notice Mikayla and her other cousins play in the water and getting into this plastic boat which basically had no oars or life vests and definitely was not durable at all. So, they’re in the boat playing around because their kids, the aunts are eyes on the Kennedys only. They paddle out with their hands, I assume, because there’s no oars, and they’re getting sucked out into the ocean basically into a rip current and there’s a big wave that comes over and it goes all over them, and as they’re clearing their eyes, they look up and there’s a powerboat that is heading toward them, and it is the young Kennedys. I forgot their names, David and Michael - I think it’s David and Michael. They come to rescue down, they put the back of the boat. The cousins are all freaked out and frantic because they see their four aunts like little dots on the sand jumping up and down and they just know that they’re angry. They’re going to scold them when they get back and each aunt has their own way of scolding. One of them will tell them the addresses of where they all live. The other one will kind of give you a compliment or say something nice but in a mean kind of way.
So, they get back but the aunts realize that it’s David and Michael Kennedy so they are smiling through their teeth and trying to be really nice but it’s the kind of smile that you give to a stranger that it’s a nice smile but then you look at your kid, and your like it’s as nice smile but then you got the eyes looking at them and your kid knows it’s not a nice smile. It’s like a, “Oh, you’re going to get it when you get home,” kind of smile. Yes. So, whatever, David and Michael kind of knew the aunts are swooning. They were like, “Give your best to your grandma for me,” and she’s kind of slid into a transatlantic accents slash Queen of England, I don’t know, strange, but then David and Michael go away.
So, the aunts have a rule now that you cannot go near the water under any circumstances at all and it’s so freaking hot that they’ve used all the sunscreen and the kids are boiling. Then, the aunt say, “Fine, you can go into the water up until your knees only.” So, they go and then they have the brilliant idea to start having chicken fights when there’s only three of them so that doesn’t really add up. So then, their uncle who’s never played with them a day in their lives comes and is like, “I’ll hop in.” So, his daughter gets on his shoulders and Mikayla gets on Kevin’s shoulder, I think his name is Kevin, and start fighting, blah, blah, blah.
Mikayla happens to kick her uncle in the side of the head really, really, really hard. Hard enough that his fake eyeball pops out and falls into the sand. Except no one knows that he has a fake eye ball, so all the kids are freaked out and in a state of shock, and the aunt is screaming because apparently it was a really expensive eyeball that had this magnetic quality so that it can keep up with the other eyeball. Mikayla is feeling incredibly bad. The aunts are trying to place blame and figure it out. Mikayla - while they’re doing that, Mikayla’s back in the ocean and she’s sifting through sand, looking for the eyeball, also kind of depressed because what did she just do? She just kicked her uncle’s eyeball out into the ocean, and she finds it but then she drops it because it’s an eyeball, and she was scared.
Then, she lets everyone know that she found it and it’s possible to find it. So then, all of the cousins and aunts and uncle are back looking for it and Mikayla secretly hopes that she’s not the one to find it because she doesn’t want to touch it again. Then, Kevin finally finds it, and gives it to the uncle. The uncle brushes it off and then just casually pops it back in his eye socket as if nothing happened and now he’s looking around to see if it’s keeping up with the other eyeball and if the magnetic quality is still good as new and whatever.
Then, Mikayla looks out a little bit, changes her perspective a bit and she notices that instead of her family watching the Kennedys, the Kennedys were actually watching her family and the chaos that existed on the beach that day. David and Michael were just standing there watching them and it looked like they had been watching them for a while because by the expression on their faces, they look quite puzzled and confused as to what was going on. So, that’s kind of ironic.