So, yes, the person who’s narrating the story tells about how she grew up in Rhode Island, I believe in Providence, and she – oh, shoot  - talks about her two aunts and the dynamic between her and her two aunts as well as with her cousins. The main part, or the longest part of the story was about them on the beach, but she also talked about them at Thanksgiving. Yes, I can’t remember much from the very beginning anymore but she made a few jokes to the audience about her aunts and about where she grew up.
She talked about her aunts would take the time to go to the beach and spy on the Kennedys. They would place their chairs in very specific spaces so that they could spy on them. They wouldn’t do anything else but then the kids would be bored. There were three kids and they would be playing in the water and so since the aunts were spying on the Kennedys, the kids will be playing in the water unsupervised. Yes, but some specific things that the aunts would say about the Kennedys, they would talk about Rose and figure out that she was like old and they would also talk about some of the other kids, and it would kind of be like a gossip session.
So, the three kids were playing in the water and they found like a plastic boat, and they ended up getting inside of it and then kind of the going away from the shore, but then eventually, they were like really far gone. Then, there was a powerboat and people the powerboat save them and it happened to be Michael and I forgot who the other Kennedy was but it was two Kennedy kids. So, they brought them back in the powerboat to shore, and as they were going back, they knew that they would get in trouble because, in the past, their aunts would always be, yes, when they would get in trouble, they would do things that would get them in trouble, their aunts would talk to them in ways that sounded like they were saying to me nice but say it in like a really threatening tone. For example, I think there was something like, “You will,” like, “Yes, I’ll give you your birthday present but you will sit down and eat your cake now,” in such a threatening tone. Yes, and so as they were going back, they knew that that would happen. Then, when they got back, their aunts, I think there were two aunts and two uncles or something because there are four of them total. As they became clearer view, the aunts realize that they were with two Kennedy kids. So, as they came up, the aunts especially, were looking at the kids with like that threatening eyes but they chose to sound really, I guess cordial and nice. It sounded like they were talking in a way that was between Katharine Hepburn and Queen Elizabeth. Then, yes, they said to them like, they talked to them since they were Kennedy kids and eventually the Kennedy kids left, and then they were scolding the kids and didn’t allow them to go back to the water.
So, they brought the kids and they can only play in the sand but they played in the sand for about half an hour and they got fed up with – the aunts got fed up with all their whining and complaining so they said, “Okay, you can go into at least knee-deep into the water.” So then, the kids went knee-deep. After a while, they realize that it was really boring so then they decided to have chicken fights. There were three kids two girls and one boy and so they start to have chicken fights so that they could actually fall into the water but both they were only three so it was boring, so eventually, their Uncle Al came, who was the narrator’s cousin’s dad. Then, he took his daughter on his shoulders and then, I think it was Kevin, which is the narrator’s cousin took the narrator, whose name is Mikayla, onto his shoulders and they start having chicken fights like that. Then, the narrator accidentally kicked her Uncle Al in the head really hard and his eyeball flew out of his eye socket into the water. Obviously, everyone was freaked out and the narrator recalled that she hadn’t been told that he had a fake eyeball because they didn’t want everyone blabbing about it to the whole neighborhood.
Another detail was that when the aunts would yell at the kids, they would use their home addresses. They would say to like Kevin – or they would say to Mikayla, like “Mikayla,” and then the number of her address and that she lived on Asylum Road. Yes, but going back to the story about the uncle and his eye. The eye was in the water and then, it ended up they had to search for it. So then Mikayla actually ended up finding it after sifting through the sand but when it landed in her hand, she freaked out and threw it back into the water so then they realize it was possible. Then she prayed that they wouldn’t have any fun - like any joy until they found it.
So, about an hour later, her cousin, Kevin, found and held on to it, he didn’t throw it back. So then, he gave the eyeball back to his dad and that his dad just popped it right back in. What are the factors that the eyeball was like a magnetic one so it would just like look very much like his other eye. They had spent a lot of money on it and she called it like a top dollar eye so they were concerned because it’s too expensive. But yes, they ended up finding it, he popped it back in and then she was like, “Yes, I can’t even really say sorry,” because it’s like, he literally just lost his eye and found it. Then, yes, they went back.
I don’t remember what happened after that. Yes, for now, I’m done.