Okay. So, the story is about this woman, Mikayla, who grew up in Providence, Rhode Island around 20 miles away from the Kennedys. She grew up and her family loved the Kennedys, they were so – well, they don’t love them but they were like infatuated with their misfortune and fortune and just like everything about them. She recalls a story about when she was younger and she was driving in the car with her dad, and something – it was maybe an anniversary of JFK’s assassination or something, and she started crying. Then, her sister started to make fun of her and her dad pulled over the car and he’s like, “You can cry about the Kennedys,” or something like that. He was sympathetic and he was like also teary-eyed. 
Anyway, so then she talks about how her family would always vacation at the beach next to the Kennedy compound. They were there one year with her cousins, and I think one of them is called Issa, actually I could be wrong. Her cousins and her aunts and uncles and everyone, and they would sit there and instead of watching the ocean, their chairs wouldn’t face the ocean, they wouldn’t face the sun, their chairs would face the Kennedy compound, and they would watch as - and they would take turns talking about who the Kennedys were, that they saw one of them and they would try to like find the – Rosa, the grandma, they would try to - they would say, “Oh, how old is Rosa now anyways?” Then, one of the aunts would start to calculate and say, “Well, you know, she was XYZ age when JFK was killed so blah, blah, blah.” Then, they would do this elaborate calculation to find out how old someone was now or which child belongs to which Kennedy and yada, yada. Anyway, so the point is, is that the family was super involved in watching the compound and not really talking about – or watching the children.
One afternoon, or the same afternoon of the story, the children decide it would be really cool idea to get into this like half little plastic boat that they found near the ocean. So, they go in the boat, I think it’s just the two cousins, they go in the boat and they’re having a good time and then a rip current puts them way far out in the ocean and they’re like, “Oh my God, we’re stuck. What are we going to do?” They start freaking out, and they noticed a powerboat comes and it’s David and Michael Kennedy in the boat. They don’t even realize who it is, but they’re like, “Oh my God, yes, we’re saved by a powerboat,” like, “A powerboat saved us.” Then, they slowly started going back to shore and they see the image of her – they see the image of her parents or her grandparents – or I’m sorry, they see her aunts slowly getting visible and they’re worried they’re going to be so mad, so, so mad. So, they, instead they start freaking out and then all the sudden, once the aunts realize that it’s David and Michael Kennedy, their whole demeanor changes and one of them talks in between like Katharine Hepburn in the Queen of England in a super funny accent, and they’re all smiling and was like, “Thank you for saving…” you know, whatever. Mikayla said that she could tell how mad her aunts actually were because their fake smiles to them looks scary or something. Anyways, so they – what was I going to say?
Anyway, so they thank David and Michael for saving them. When the aunt says, “Say hi to your grandma for us,” or something and then they forgot about them and they got punished, and their punishment was that they couldn’t go in the water the rest of vacation. After a while, after they were playing with sand and whatnot, one of the aunts was like, “Fine, you can go knee-deep.” So they’re in the water and they’re knee-deep and they’re having a fun – they’re bored and they were like, “What are you going to do?” So, they decided to have chicken fights and there were only three people so it wasn’t really working out but they’re having fun. Then, her uncle decides to come join them and they’re having the best time ever, they’re playing, they were like, “This is really family fun.” And then, Mikayla gets a little too overconfident and hits the uncle’s head and his eye pops out and they’re freaking out. They were screaming and they thought they didn’t know what happened. They didn’t know he had a fake eye and everyone’s mad at Mikayla and they’re really, really mad at her. So, she starts to sift through the sand. The eye costs a lot of money and she was just so shocked that he even had a fake eye and the cousins were looking at her like, “What did you do to my dad?” Everyone was really mad.
Then, she was sifting through the sand and she finds the eye, then she drops it because she was like, “Ew,” like, “What’s this?” Then, it takes like another hour, the whole family sifting through the sand, trying to find the eye. Finally, one of them finds it and she was hoping she wouldn’t be the one to find it again because she didn’t want to touch it, and then they realize that David and Michael Kennedy were watching them the whole time just like they had been watching the Kennedys.