The story began with Mikaela first. She and her family would visit her grandmother’s house which was near the Kennedy’s house. One time, she went there with her dad and her sister or brother, I don't remember, but for some reason they were returning back from there. She was crying in the backseat of their car and then her sister or brother was saying out loud that she was crying. Her dad had to stop at the corner of I-95 and told her that you’ve never cried for that man. Then the story kind of changed to her. Her aunts would take her and her cousins to the beach and then throughout the time, they would set up their beach chairs not looking at the sun but facing the Kennedy's house and observing them in the morning. While they we were sitting in the chairs, Aunt Pat and Aunt – I forgot the other aunt’s name – they were talking about how Rose was still strong and they counted how old Rose was and they were like, “Okay, she's probably 85 years old,” based on the math they did on the marriage and the kids’ age and stuff like that. While they're doing that, Mikaela and their cousin Kevin, and someone else, Kevin’s sister probably. Yes, Kevin’s sister. They all three went and were playing in the water and then the water just pulled them to the middle of the ocean. They were going inside the water, and they couldn’t get out of it and then there was a powerboat. There was also a ferry. They were looking at the ferry from a distance, from the shore. They’re looking at their aunts. The aunts were seeing to be four little dots from the distance. Then at that moment, a powerboat came, and the powerboat was driven by David, and I forgot the other one’s name, two of the Kennedy boys. Those two boys picked them up from the water and they were driving back to the shore. While they were driving back to the shore, Mikaela and her cousins were thinking how the aunts would scream at them and yell at them, but the Kennedy boys did not know any of these situations or any of these behaviors of their aunt. They were just really happy to bring them to the shore but throughout the time, Mikaela and her cousins were very scared to face the yelling from her aunt. While it was driving back to the shore, the aunts were getting closer, the figure of aunts were more visible now and they changed from the four dots to an actual visible figure. Once the aunts saw that these are Kennedy boys, they were having trouble staying mad. They were mad at the kids but also mad at Mikaela and others, but they were also smiling at the Kennedys, the Kennedy boys, kind of like they had their own - the Kennedys have their own thing going on, things of life going on and you're giving them more trouble. So, Aunt Pat, whenever she sees the Kennedy family, she turns into having a British accent and she was telling them, “Thank you and tell your parents that it was nice meeting you. Tell your parents hi,” and stuff and they left. Aunt Pat and the other aunt told them to - one of the other aunts, was telling them to be on the towel on top of his hand and just lay in the sun and Aunt Pat was also saying certain things like she would say some things that would sound like a threat like, “You’ll get your gift after you eat your cake,” and stuff like that. After a while, Aunt Pat was, “All right. You can go into the water, but you can only go to knee-deep water.” So, they went to the knee-deep water and Mikaela and her cousins were playing. Then they realized that knee-deep water was not that much fun. So, they started playing - they came up with the idea of starting a chicken fight. They were playing chicken fight, and they were just pushing each other into the water. Then one of her uncles came and joined - who never joined her and them into crazy stuff like that. The uncle started playing chicken fight with them. At one point, the uncle fell and then Mikaela kicked the back of the uncle’s head so hard that his eyeball popped out and got lost in the water. She was very shocked. They did not know that uncle had a fake eye. It seems to be that the family and everyone hid it from them because otherwise they will just tell the whole neighborhood about it. Kevin and her sister were mad at Mikaela like, “Oh, you broke my dad,” or kind of things like that. She felt horrible about it and at that point, the aunts were also screaming, and she felt like she wanted to get away from the situation. At that the time, she started walking towards the water where she almost died. She almost died and she was thinking to herself that it wouldn’t happen so much bad if we had drowned in the water in that place. Then I wouldn't have to face this. I wouldn’t have to go through it. While she was doing this, she was just shoveling through the sand with the rocks and the shells and stuff like that. She found the eye and she yelled, she found the eye and then she dropped it again into the water. At that point, they knew that it was possible to find the eyeball. So, everybody started looking but Mikaela thought to herself that it’s better that someone else finds the eyeball now because in that way, she’s going to be having to go through losing it again and getting yelled at. So, at that point Kevin find the eyeball and gives it back to the dad and uncle, he washes the sand and everything off of it and puts it back into the eye socket and he kind of tests this out to see if it works or not. Because it was magnetized, the eye was magnetized to correlate with the other eye to match with the other eye’s movement, he was testing it out and he realizes that. Yes, it still works fine and that was it. They came back and they were just - everybody started talking about what Mikaela did in the story and all of that. While they're doing that, Mikaela realized that the Kennedy boys were there and with the look on their face, they realized that the Kennedy boys was actually by the beach watching the whole thing happened and they knew exactly what has happened and that's it. I'm done.