Okay, it starts out . I remember it started out with talking about the Kennedys. She's with her family, main character, I think her name was Mikayla. She was crying in the car. Then, a little foggy at the beginning, but then I know they talk about they had a vacation, and then she's on the beach with her four aunts. Then these aunts, she describes in detail how they like wash to Kennedys and what their routine is at the beach. They put their sunscreen on. They just get their binoculars and have a weird obsession with watching the Kennedys. Because they're so obsessed with watching these people, they're not focused on the main character and I think, her cousin or sister, another one of her family members. So, they get onto a little mini raft or boat, and then the water sweeps them out and then the aunts honestly don't realize because they're so locked in. So, they're pretty deep in the ocean right now on this little raft. Then a wave crashes over their head, and then a powerboat comes to save them but it's with Michael and David – Daniel, David, one of those two, Kennedy. Which is kind of ironic because they're watching the Kennedys. More like the Kennedys are saving the daughters. So the Kennedys take them back to shore and the aunts then go - she describes how they normally would punish them or how they get angry, but it’s hard for them to be fully angry with the Kennedys right there, so they're in a weird mood where they're trying to act as normal as possible, but also livid. So, I think the Kennedys disappear from the story at this moment, and just the aunts punishing them to make them stay on the beach. Then an hour passes and then they're like, “Okay, you can go in the water up to your knees.” Then they start chicken fighting. Then, Uncle Kevin gets his eye kicked out by the main character and everyone is freaking out because it was an expensive eye. Then, it just takes them a lot of time so sift in the sand and pick up this eye. Then after the whole saga is over, basically, main character, I think it’s Mikayla, realizes that the Kennedy brothers that saved them took a walk in the beach and they were watching them the whole time. Just like, “What the heck is going on?” It’s like, honestly, called irony, but the story starts with the obsession of her family with the Kennedys and then, by the end of the story, you see, “Oh, the Kennedys are watching us.” So yes, 