Mikayla and her family have lived 20 minutes away from the Kennedys. They're in Providence Rhode Island for pretty much their whole life. So, anything that happens to the Kennedys, they feel like happens to them. So, Mikayla, her cousin Eileen, and another cousin who's name I forgot goes on vacation with their families. It's the dream vacation which is on a beach. They stay at a beach house, and they get a perfect view of the Kennedys. Their aunts, Aunt Momo, Aunt Pat, I forgot the other names, they love to sit by the waterfront in chairs and look out. They always see and say the same things, such as “How old is Rosa now?” and then they calculate her age. The kids are in the beach, in the water, and they find a boat. Had even one aunt seen them, they could have stopped. If even one aunt stretches their neck, they would’ve stopped them from going to this boat which had no oars or life jackets, but no, none of them saw. So, the cousins and Mikayla go into the boat and then they're drifting away. They don't realize that they've gone really far until the aunts - until they see the Nantucket boat and their aunts are just four dots on the sand. The four aunts are hopping up and down, which probably means they've seen them in the boat by now. They’re drifting away until two guys on a powerboat, David and Michael Kennedy come and save them. They take them back to the shore and the aunts, which each have their own way of getting mad such as Aunt Pat yelling at them. Momo was saying nice things, but in a really stern voice, such as “Oh, I'll give you a birthday present. Eat this cake.” But when they see the Kennedy boys, they put on fake smiles and give Mikayla and her cousins mean looks but they don't say anything. They thank the Kennedy boys for saving them over and over again, until finally the Kennedy boys finally sales away and go back. Then that's when the aunts start yelling at them. They said, “No more playing in the water until vacation is over.” Then the kids just didn’t want to go with them. They whined for an hour. They get really bored and then the aunts said, “Okay, you could go out to the water but only up to your knees.” They do so until they realize how boring that is. Then their uncle, they’re playing chicken, but chicken with three people is pretty boring, it's hard to play. So, their uncle joins them. Uncle puts her cousin Eileen on his shoulders. Then it's Mikayla and her other cousin on the other side. They’re having a lot of fun, and Mikayla finally feels this family fun until she smacks the side of her uncle's head and his eye falls into the water. She is in shock because his eye just fell into the water. Then they all yell at Mikayla and she walks back into the water, just thinking – she was really sad because she had no idea that her uncle’s eye was fake, and no one had told her. So, she's just walking back, and then sifting through the sand, she finds the eye, but she screams when she picks it up because, well, it’s an eye. At this point, they all knew that it was possible to find the eye again. So, they keep sifting. She swore to God that she would not have happiness until she finds this eye. Then her cousin Kevin, I remember the name now, Kevin finds the eye. Gives it to his dad, who's Mikayla’s uncle. The uncle washes the eye and then pops it back into the socket, just like that. Then he tested it and it works. Now that the eyes back in the socket, Mikayla sees that it's pretty obvious that it's a fake eye all along. Afterwards, the vacation was back to normal. They say the story over and over again, many times, then she looks over and she realizes that there have been people watching this the whole time. The Kennedy boys, David and Michael, the expressions on the faces say that they watched the whole thing. This ties a story in full circle because they were the one watching the Kennedys. 