Okay. So, the story starts with a narrator, Mikayla, telling us that she grew up in Providence Rhode Island and that – basically, her family’s obsession with the Kennedys. This was happening around one of the tragedies of the Kennedy family. So, she starts by telling – it’s about when it was her sister and her father in the car. Mikayla was crying, then her sister makes fun of her and says, “Dad, Mikayla is crying.” The dad turns around and he's also crying. He says, “You should never be ashamed to cry for that family,” or something like that. Then, she goes on to further explain her family's obsession and the extent to how much they're obsessed. I spaced out for the next portion of the story, so I don't remember so many details, but - then I got right back into it. Around the time when she was saying that her family goes to the beach with all this gear, these heavy-duty binoculars, and they basically stalk and observe and spy on the Kennedy family on the beach. So, she talks a lot about her aunts especially, she makes them up to be crazy. Her whole family really, but she talks a lot about her aunts. She said like, “Every day we sat at the same way. They have their binoculars and they make some observations about the family. As soon as they didn't see somebody they recognize, they would draw the Kennedy family tree in the sand and map it out and say “Who's this? who's this? I don't recognize this person.” So then, the next part, while Mikayla's four aunts are busy observing the Kennedys, her and - I forgot if it’s her sister or cousin. Her cousin. They are in the water and they find this plastic boat, no oars or anything like that. The aunts just don't realize that they get in this boat and shoved off into deeper water where the riptide takes them and carries them way out. Nobody realized. So, she describes her aunts disappearing in the distance and becoming four little jumping dots. Anyway. So, they get some huge wave that crashes onto them and when they open their eyes and clear the water out of their eyes, they see this powerboat that pulls up in front of them, and it has David and - I forgot the other name, but David and some other Kennedy. David. Yes, I won’t remember for now, but two Kennedys. Kayla and her cousin, whoever she went with, they were nine. It was a summer when they were nine. They didn't really know who they - maybe they knew who they were. She didn’t really specify, but what they cared more about was the fact that a powerboat saved them and not the Kennedys. So, the Kennedys picked them up, put them in their powerboat. Take them back to their aunt’s. And the two girls, if her cousin was a girl, I can’t remember that part - they're expecting their aunts to be furious with them because they could have died, they went out really far in the water. So, they were really expecting them to not be happy. When they get back and they're kind of confused – sorry. They're kind of confused by the reactions because they're basically starstruck that there are Kennedys in their presence, that save their niece. She said they weren't so mad that they went out into deep water and had to be rescued, but they were more mad that the Kennedys had to rescue them. Something about, “Don't you think the Kennedys have more important things to do?” or something like that. Then, she described how her aunts, when she looked at her - when they looked at her, it was like death stare. It’s like, “Wait till we get home” kind of thing or something like that. So anyway, Kennedys leave, and as punishment, the aunts say that for the rest of the vacation, they cannot go on the water on the beach, in the sand. Obviously, they don't like that. So, the next day or the same day, Mikayla and her cousins, maybe her sister, if she was there, they keep pushing their aunts to let them into the water because it's 100 degrees, or 100 or 105 degrees, and it was super-hot, they need to be in the water. So, after 30 minutes of incessant whining, the aunts spot a cave and say “Okay, you can go on the water but only up until your knees.” So, they're so happy they're on the water, and after a few minutes they realize how boring it is to just be in the water up to your knees. So then, they try to get around that rule and they start playing chicken fights, three of them, the three kinds. They’re playing chicken fights, hitting each other, tossing each other into the water to be fully submerged. Then, the uncle comes to play, joined the chicken fights. Mikayla was surprised because the uncle never plays with the kids. So, they're playing chicken fights, and then she - Mikayla kicks her uncle in the head really, really hard and his eye pops out into the water, and they’re all screaming, and she was detailing how surprised her and her cousins were because they didn't know her uncle had a fake eye. Nobody had told the kids because they didn't want them to go and tell the neighborhood. So anyway, she was searching, sifting through the sand, and she finally found the eye and it was in her palm, but she freaked out, screams, dropped it back in the water. Then, once her family found out it was possible to find the eye just by looking to the sand - or not the sand, under the water. They all joined in started looking, her family, her cousins. I don’t remember. One of her cousins have found it, held it up triumphantly. Found the eye, gave it back to the uncle. He cleaned it, popped it back in. Oh, this eye was apparently - going back for a second - this eye was super expensive, top dollars she called it. It was magnetic, so it kept up with the other eye, and she was afraid that vacation would be canceled or something to get the deposit back to be able to pay for a new eye. Is there anything else on that? I don’t think so. No. So, back to the present. He pops it up back in, it works just fine, and then - so, they're done with that whole thing. Mikayla looks over, and there were just these two boys watching her and the family. It turns out it’s the two Kennedys that saved her and her cousin on the boat, and she said that the way that they were staring, she knew that they must have been watching the whole interaction and whole experience. So, story ends with how the tables have turned kind of thing, where Mikayla’s family was so obsessed with the Kennedys, stalking them, watching them from afar without them knowing, then now it's the Kennedys who are watching her family. That’s all I remember, and done. 