The story starts off with her explaining that she is from - I think it was Rhode Island, and how - and then she compares with living with the Kennedys and how similar the two families are; how she's Irish, and they're Irish. If they have an issue, then their family also has an issue. She goes on about that. Then the story jumps to how she was at her grandma's house and there was a fight… How there was a fight and then I forgot what happened, but then the story again jumps to them being in the car. Then there’s a song that's playing. I think it was the 10-year anniversary of the Kennedys or something like that. The main character starts crying, and that's when the sister is like - she tells the father that the main character is crying. That's when the father - they're on the highway, like the I-95 or something like that. The father pulls over on the shoulder and tells the daughter that it's okay to cry, to not be ashamed. Then from there, the story jumps to them at a beach house, like their aunt’s beach house for vacation. She goes on about how they put sunscreen on on their hands, on their feet, and on their bodies, and they position themselves facing the Kennedys’ house to see what's going on in their house. They're using binoculars and everything to stalk them. Basically, it’s saying how all of the aunts are very much preoccupied about that. When something little does happen, they gossip about, “Who's that? What's that? What's going on?” Because they were so preoccupied with that, the kids were left alone. Two of them, I think. They're left alone near the water, and so that's when - I think they drowned, they start drowning or something like that. That's when the Kennedys, Michael and I think David, they helped, they saved the two characters, the two girls with a rock - a boat, a speedboat, if it’s a speedboat. Then the Kennedys save the girls and then they drop off the two girls to their parents, and that's when the parents are very mad at the girls, but they don't want to make it obvious because of the Kennedys. So, one of the aunts, I think she has an accent that's in between of the Queen Elizabeth and someone else, but yes, she tells the Kennedys like, “Have a nice day,” or something like that. So, the Kennedys leave, then the aunts and the mother, they're like, “How dare you guys,” and their punishment for drowning and being saved by the Kennedys which was seen as embarrassment or something like that, their punishment for that was that they couldn't play in the water. But because it was very hot, I think that they decided that it is okay for them to play in the water as long as it's knees deep. Then she goes on to talk about how her uncle who never actually plays with them decides to play chicken fight with them. The chicken fight gets a little bit too serious, and the main character hits the uncle in the head, on the head, on the side of the head with their feet very, very hard to the point that his eyeball falls out into the water and… 