So, the story was about a woman born in Providence, Rhode Island and her family was always really obsessed with the Kennedy family. Her parents got married in the same church that Jack and Jackie Kennedy got married in. Her father got her mother replication jewelry that looked like what the Kennedys got each other. Once there was a 10-year memorial for JFK on the radio and the girl starts crying and her sister makes fun of her for crying. Then her dad turned around and he said, “Don’t ever make fun of somebody crying for this man. He’s a good man,” or whatever. So, they really loved the Kennedys so much that her four aunts took her and her two cousins to a beach resort that is shared with the Kennedys’ resort on the same beach so that they can watch the Kennedys all day and they positioned their beach chairs to be staring into the Kennedy estate. The kids are playing in the water. The kids aren’t really watching but the aunts always make comments about what the Kennedys are doing and the fact that Rose – that Jackie is never there. So, one day, they’re watching the Kennedys like they usually do and then the kids find a half-inflated boat with no oars and no life jackets. The aunts are so immersed in watching the Kennedys that they don't notice the kids getting onto this boat. So, they get on it and very quickly it pulls them out very deep into the water, very far away from the shore. They said that they were so far out that they could see the features of the ferry passengers’ faces and they could only see their aunts as little jumping dots on the beach. So, they're out all the way away from shore and a powerboat pulls up next to them. They realized - at first, they’re just excited to be rescued by the powerboat and then they realized that it’s David and - I don’t remember the other Kennedy, the grandchildren of Rose Kennedy. So, the Kennedys took them back to the beach and once the aunts saw them, they, at first, are really mad at them, of course, but once they realized that the Kennedys were there, they start to be very fake nice and trying hard to act normal which doesn’t work very well. She was saying how her auntie always says things that are nice on the surface with very passive-aggressive tone so she was worried that the aunt was going to do the same thing when they get back to shore. She gave the example of, “I'm going to get you a birthday present so just sit down and eat your birthday cake.” So, they were waiting for the aunts to get mad but the aunts weren’t getting mad in front of the Kennedys. So finally, she described the Kennedys as having to pull away from the aunts. Once the Kennedys finally left, they learned that their punishment was that they could not go into the water. They had to stay on the sand. So, the next day, for 30 minutes, they were arguing with the aunts about what they want to do and they’re saying they really want to go into the water and it’s really hot and they’re kicking sand and they’re emptying their sunscreen container. Then the auntie finally says, “Okay. You can go into the water but only up to your knees.” They realized that it’s kind of boring to only go up to their knees. So, they’re trying to play chicken where they go on each other’s shoulders and try to push the other person off into the water, but they’re only three cousins so it’s not working very well since there are only three of them. Then the Uncle Al who never plays with them decides to play with them that day and he picked up his daughter and put her on his shoulders. Our narrator who is also on her cousin’s shoulders, as she was trying to push off her cousin, she accidentally kicked her Uncle Al in the side of his head very hard and his eye popped out. She soon realized it was a fake eye but she didn’t realize at first. So, everybody’s getting really mad at her. Her cousins are really mad at her because that's their dad. Her aunt is super upset because it's an expensive eyeball. It’s a magnetic eyeball so it follows the other one when they look around. So, the narrator starts backing away into the water to try and avoid their criticisms and she's digging through the shells and sand and then she finds the eyeball, but she gets scared because it's staring back at her so she screams and she drops it again. Then they know that they can find it so the family all starts looking through the sand and her cousin Kevin finds the eyeball, and he’s very proud of finding the eyeball and he does not drop it like the narrator does. So, once he finds the eyeball, the uncle just rinses it back off and then he just puts it back in his eye. So, after they are finished with this whole ordeal, they look onto the beach and they see that David and the other Kennedy from before were out walking on the beach and she says that from the look on their faces that they have probably seen the entire situation happening. So, the punchline of the story is that the aunts went from watching the Kennedys to the Kennedys watching this crazy family with the fake eye in the beach. Okay. I’m done.