So, this girl, her family is very obsessed with the Kennedys like John F. Kennedy. So, one day, her, her sister, and her dad were in a car and they were driving somewhere, and on the radio, the radio was talking about JFK assassination and she started crying. Then her sister was like, “Oh, my God. Are you crying?” Her dad stopped the car and looked right back at them with tears in his eyes and he said, “Never be ashamed to cry over this man or this thing.” Then later on, she goes to talk - she goes on and talks about a little family vacation that they have in the Cape with her uncles and aunts and cousins. Their family always gets this vacation home that's across or near the Kennedys’ vacation home on Cape. Her aunts have this hobby where they position their sun chairs towards the Kennedy house and they have these high-end binoculars and they just stare at the Kennedys and stalk them basically. What the speaker was talking about was, first, one of the aunts would be like -  would have the first spotting and say, “Rose just came out,” or “It was Rose’s aunt,” and then the next aunt would be like, “Somebody else came out. How old is X, Y, Z?” Then another aunt would start coming up with an idea of how old the Kennedy was and they said that Kennedy was 85. Then in the end, they would break for lunch and they would come back and discuss even more. Then they would always end up with, “Jackie never comes.” That would be their conclusion. The speaker later says like, “Oh…” As you can tell the aunts are very preoccupied with staring at the Kennedys so they don't pay any attention to the children. So that day, the children, the four cousins including the speaker found a half-inflated plastic boat with – and the water began to climb into it. She said if one of her aunts just turned their head towards the children to ease the pain in their necks from putting it in that position staring into the Kennedy house, they would have noticed that the kids have gotten in to the little boat raft thing and there was a lack of life jackets, there was a lack of paddles and they were just drifting out to sea. They drifted towards the riptide, brought them into the open sea, towards the ferry of the people going to - ferry towards Nantucket. As the kids were floating out to sea, the aunts just became four bobbleheads. As they began to be able to see the features of the people on the ferry to Nantucket, they start to realize how far away from land they are until two Kennedys were on a powerboat and then they just swept the kids on to the powerboat and saved their lives basically. They began to drive back to shore on the powerboat with the two Kennedys. The four aunts’ faces emerged and the aunts were very, very nice to the Kennedys, thanking them a lot and they start yelling at the kids. “These people have been through enough. Why are you…?” They weren’t worried about the kids’ safety and they weren't upset at the kids because they were not safe or doing something stupid. They were upset because they bothered the Kennedys. As if them going out to sea was a Kennedy problem. Later on, after that incident, the aunts were like, “You are no longer allowed into the water.” Until they finally allowed the kids back into the water but they were only allowed to go knee deep and then - but there were only three kids so it was very boring and they wanted to play chicken. So, they started playing chicken but since there were only three kids, their Uncle Al join them and the speaker ended up accidentally kicking Uncle Al really hard in the head and his eye popped out, but none of the kids knew that it was a fake eye because none of the parents told them that it was a fake eye because they didn't want the kids blabbing to their neighbors. So, she was really scared because she kicked Uncle Al in the head and his eye popped out. The two kids that she was playing with, her two cousins, were looking at her very angrily thinking - and she said they thought that she broke their dad. Then the other aunt started coming and then the wife of Uncle Al was really, really upset because that was a magnetic eye which could work with the other one and they would work together. What else? So, she was really scared and then she started sifting into the sand searching for the eye until she actually found the eye but then she got scared because it was just an eyeball in her hand so she dropped it. Then she screamed, she was like, “Oh, it works.” So, everybody else came and started looking for the eye and sifting through the sand. Until an hour later, one of her cousins found it, held an eyeball up and was like, “Yes, I found the eyeball.” Then Uncle Al went to wash the eyeball, cleaned it, and then popped it back into his eye. Prior to that, during the time that they couldn't find his eyeball, because he socket was open, they could just see into the tissue and the empty eye socket. Later on, as the rest of the family were joking around about this whole entire situation, the speaker was still not fully integrated into the family topic because she still - since she's the one that kicked the uncle's eye out, she noticed that the Kennedys were also there. That two Kennedys were taking a walk on the beach and she knew well that these two Kennedys saw the whole entire - everything go down. So, the story ends with her saying the Kennedys were watching them too and watching the family go down. I'm done. 