Okay. So, in this story, this woman, she grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, and so her family was quite close to the Kennedy family. I believe that they are neighbors and so like they were kind of obsessed with each – or like the family was obsessed with the Kennedy family. They would treat the Kennedy tragedies as if they were their own. The storyteller, she’s saying that one time, she remembers while she’s driving back from, I believe, church – oh, also, the family thought that they were the same because the family was Jewish and the Kennedys were Catholic and somehow that’s a correlation. Yes. So, while they were driving back home from, I believe - from somewhere, actually, on the news, it was reporting about John F. Kennedy’s death . Then the storyteller, she starts crying and her sister was like, “Oh, my God, look, Mikayla is crying,” and the dad turns around. He has tears in his eyes, too. He’s like, “You know what? It’s okay to cry over that man’s death,” for whatever reason. 
It does like a bit of time skip into, I believe, a summer vacation. She talks about how her aunts, they would take out their beach chairs on the sand, all of their stuff in like a 100-degree weather, but instead of like facing towards the beach, they turned the chairs to face it towards directly to the Kennedy house so they can recite whatever the Kennedys are doing at that given moment. They would be like, “Oh, I see that person. I believe it was like Rose Kennedy first,” and then they would go to the entire family history and this and that. Then when someone comes out that nobody knows or like the aunts don’t know, they would draw up a family tree and be like little detectives and figure out, “Oh, okay. This is how they’re related.” This kid that was never seen is related to Brian. Some tragedy happened to Brian and so if Great Aunt Rose found out, good thing she’s senile, something bad would happen apparently or she would be in shock.
So, while the aunts do all of this stuff, the kids, they’re left pretty unattended, right? They find this plastic boat out in the middle of the water. They don’t have lifejackets. They don’t have any oars to row themselves and so they just hopped in and pushed out into the sea. The current was really strong so they got pretty far away and they didn’t even realize how far away they are until they saw a ferry and like, “Oh, we can’t actually tell the details on these people, and oh my goodness, my four aunts, you cannot see them. They’re just like little specks jumping around.”
Then there’s like a huge wave and they got knocked into the water and they were like trying to survive and not drown. Then a motorboat comes up and then like picks up out of the water, and it’s like Brian and David Kennedy. Yes. They’re like, “Oh, my God. Yes. We’re saved, oh my God, by a motorboat.” They didn’t even realize they’re these Kennedys, but they realized as they’re getting closer and closer to shore, they’re like, “Oh, my goodness. Our aunts are going to kill us.” One of the aunts, she does this thing where it’s like when she’s mad, she doesn’t like – or like she’ll yell, but she’ll yell like, “Oh, your address is in the…” the storyteller, she lived on the street called Asylum. Yes. 
The other aunt, when she’s mad, she says the most nice things or comforting things in the meanest way possible. She’s like, “Oh, you better get on that sand,” or something, or like, “I’m going to buy you a gift so eat your damn cake,” or something like that.  When the boat actually pulls up, the aunts see, “Oh, my goodness. The Kennedys are there.” So, instead of yelling at them and blowing up, they’re like doing the fake, nice sort of thing and they’re like, “Oh, my God. Thanks for saving them,” and they’ll be smiling and everything, and the kids are like, “Oh, my goodness. What is going on? Why aren’t they blowing up?” But then, every time the aunts make eye contact with the kids, they’re like bloody murder like, “Oh, no.” It’s scary. 
Then, goodness – okay. Oh, yes. Okay. Then once the boys leave, they do get in trouble, and their punishment was to stay out on the beach for not respecting the water, and so that punishment was like – oh, because it was superhot, again, 100 degrees. Then there was another time skip or where just time jump. Everyone’s playing the water again and it was actually fun for once. So then, the kids are doing a chicken fight and so they’re getting on their uncle’s shoulders and like fighting and stuff. Then the storyteller, apparently, she accidentally kicks one of her uncles, I think Uncle Al on the back of his head really hard, and his eye pops out.
Then everyone, like all the kids over there, they’re freaking out because they’re like, “Oh, my God. His eye just came out. Why did it come out like that?” It turns out Uncle Al has a fake eye and no one knew. Yes. All the kids are screaming and then the aunts figured out what happened and then they started screaming. Everyone’s crying or the kids are crying and they’re like pointing fingers at the storyteller and they’re like, “Oh, my God. She did it. She did it,” and that sort of thing. So, the storyteller, she didn’t know what to say. She’s like, “Oh, you can’t say sorry to someone you just knocked out their eye.” Uncle Al, his eyelids are like floppy and stuff because there’s no eye behind it, and it’s kind of gross. 
While everyone’s pointing fingers and like yelling about it, the storyteller, she goes around sifting in the sand, sad and stuff, because you kicked out your uncle’s eye. It’s really gross. Then she’s like, “Oh, my goodness.” She picked something up in her hand. It’s the eye.  Instead of being like, “Oh, I found the eye,” no. She screams and drops it again, but then everyone realizes, “Oh, okay. We can find the eye.” So, all the aunts, all the cousins, all the uncles, they go out to find this eye again. Also, the eye was super expensive so she’s like, “I hope no one has - I hope they can get that deposit back because they don’t have the budget to get another eyeball,” because the eye was magnetic so that it would like follow the other eye. Yes, apparently. 
The reason why they didn’t tell the kids why the uncle has a fake eye is because they don’t want the kids to go blabbing because kids blab. That’s what they do. Anyways. Then one of the cousins finds the eye and his like, “Oh, I found the eye,” holding it up triumphantly and everything and then gives it to the uncle. Yes. Then everyone’s having fun again, and all the aunts, they go back on the sand, in the sun and everything, and they’re like retelling the story over and over again in however many different variations they want to about, “Oh, Mikayla lost the eye,” or whatever the storyteller’s name is. Yes. So, they did that, but little did they know, Brian and David Kennedy, they were actually taking a walk on the beach and they saw all that go down. Yes. So, that was funny.