So, the woman starts off talking about how she's from Newport and how her life and family are just like the Kennedys. They're Irish. They're Catholic, and a lot of their family just resembles the dynamic of the Kennedys. Her aunts are obsessed with the Kennedys, and in the summers, they rent out a beach house on the beach by the Kennedys’ estate. This particular summer, the woman and her cousins are at the beach and her aunts set up chairs that faced directly towards the Kennedys’ estate. They have binoculars, and they set everything up perfectly so they can spy on the Kennedys.
While they're there spying on them, they're talking about them as if they're old friends, and they asked each other like, “Did you know this?” They’re in shock and belief as if they’re well-acquainted with them. While this is happening, the woman and her cousins find a half-inflated plastic boat and they go in the ocean with it, and they just keep going further and further away from shore, and they realized that their aunts are just small dots, and they realized that they're far away from shore. Suddenly, a powerboat comes and it's the Kennedys’ powerboat, and the Kennedys get them on the boat, take them back to shore. She knows that her aunts are going to be passive-aggressive and are going to scold them right when they get on shore.
As they get closer to shore, the aunts, they noticed that they were the Kennedys and they just put on a fake smile and are just completely shocked. So, they get there. They wished the grandmother well. The aunts wished their grandmother well and the aunts treated the kids as if they were burdening the Kennedys like they gave them one more problem, that them drowning, them almost drowning would be just a burden to the Kennedys.
Then the woman moves on to how she was punished and her cousins were punished and they weren't allowed to go in the water, but after they pleaded with the aunts, they were allowed to go into the water just like up to their knees. They were playing chicken fight, and the uncle comes to play with them. The woman kicks her uncle by accident on the side of the head, and his fake eye pops out and they're mortified. The aunts are hysterical. Everyone is hysterical. They're looking for the eye, and then the woman finds the eye and she sees the eye looking at her in her palm, and it shocks her and she screams and she drops it in the water. Then Kevin finds the eye and her uncle just pops it back in, and she can't stop thinking about how the eye is fake and how it looks fake, and she'll never see it the same. Then she realizes that two of the Kennedys had taken a walk on the beach and had seen the entire ordeal.