Okay. The narrator lives in Providence, Rhode Island, which is 20 miles from the core of the earth she said. They had a fight at Grandma's house for Thanksgiving. In the car, the dad turns on the radio about John F. Kennedy’s assassination, and the narrator’s sister cries, and the dad says like, “Oh, you shouldn’t be ashamed of crying,” that it's okay to cry. Then vacation time with Aunt Pam on a beach, the narrator says that there were four aunts present and three children at the beach, and the three children including her – sorry, sorry. She said that the aunts were looking, were spying on the Kennedys with high-powered binoculars so much so that the aunts weren’t paying attention to the children.
So, the three children drifted out far into the ocean or the sea, and the narrator says that the four aunts looked like four little dots. They see this - so they’re by a vessel. They see a vessel. However, what comes to rescue them was a powerboat, and all the narrator can think of was the powerboat had saved them, but on the powerboat, there was actually Daniel and Michael Kennedy So, Daniel and Michael Kennedy rescued all three of the kids and they bring them back to the shore. However, the narrator didn’t know that the people who rescued them were Daniel and Michael Kennedy. 
So, the four aunts come running up to the powerboat in order to see the children, but instead of asking if the children were okay, they were more infatuated with Daniel and Michael Kennedy so much so that the aunts used a fake voice and weird accents that was a blend with Queen Elizabeth and someone else's aunt or mom. The aunts were very sorry. They started apologizing to Daniel and Michael Kennedy that their kids had to be saved and they drifted too far off. However, the narrator also saw that the aunts were looking at the kids, passive-aggressively, with the intention that, “Oh, they're going to face the consequences later, but let me put up a fake act in front of the Kennedys in order to impress them.” 
Then after both brothers left, Daniel and Michael, the aunts told the children to stay only on the beach, that they will stay only on the beach as their punishment for drifting too far out. So then, the kids fought and begged and cried, and so the aunts let the children stay in the water up to their ankles. Then the kids started getting into a chicken fight, which was a game they're playing, and the narrator's uncle decides to join it. The narrator's uncle has the narrator’s cousin on top of his shoulders. One of them is Elaine. The other one, I don’t know what the name is. They start hitting each other, playfully kicking each other, until the narrator accidentally kicks the uncle’s head really hard, and his eyeball falls out.
Everyone was shocked. The narrator felt like she wasn’t a part of the family because they had – because she had hurt her uncle. The narrator's cousins were also very passive-aggressive to the narrator because she hurt their dad. The aunts and everyone else thought that the eyeball was lost, but the narrator felt like she wasn't part of the family anymore so she went searching for the eyeball. After an hour, the narrator found the eyeball, but she got scared and she screamed. She didn't know it was the eyeball, and she accidentally dropped the eyeball back into the water. Then the four aunts and the three children saw that it was possible to find the eyeball, so they spent another hour in the water/on the beach area to look for the eyeball.
After a while, one of the male cousins found the eyeball. He held it up in triumph and he exclaimed. The narrator said that the child – sorry, the male cousin held on to the eyeball and then they put the eyeball back in to the uncle’s eye socket. It was a very expensive eyeball, a very top-dollar eyeball, and if they actually lost it, it’s something that the aunts couldn't pay off the deposit for the trip and get a new eyeball. The eyeball was very expensive, and it had some type of magnet attached to it that could move with the other eyeball so it'd be very coordinated. In the end, the eyeball worked, and the narrator saw that the eyeball didn’t look like a real eyeball. So, she was wondering why she never thought that it was a fake eyeball.