So, this lady and her family, when they’re growing up, they lived right in next to the Kennedys as in the former President of United States of America, JFK. They were very deeply connected with the Kennedys and they thought that any tragedy that happened to the Kennedys happened to them as well. So, they had a lot of misery in their lives, especially when he was assassinated. So, a couple of years after the Kennedys were assassinated, they were driving home, and on the radio, they heard a news celebrating the 10th - 10-year anniversary of JFK, the assassination. The teller of the story started crying, and then so her sister started making fun of her, and then the dad immediately pulled the car over on the I-95 to the side of the road and said, “There’s no shame in crying, especially not to what happened to that poor family.” So, they continued on, and actually she began discussing about her extended family, including her aunts, who every year would take a vacation to the beach. Specifically, the main purpose of this trip to the beach was to pretty much people watch the Kennedys. When they got to the beach, all the aunts would always pull out chairs and sit down. Then, the kids would always think, there are three of them, three cousins think that they’d be playing in the beach, but instead they take out this high range binoculars and watch the Kennedys at their nice beach house. They rented the beach house right next to them and they’d go to the beach and they’d watch the Kennedys using high range binoculars. They always had a very similar conversation every single year saying that they saw X and X, and they’d always start it in the morning by saying, “Oh, that’s Rosa” who is the matriarch of the Kennedy family at the time. The aunts never really spend much time taking care of the kids.
So, the kids were obviously playing in the water. While playing in the water, they found this half-inflated boat. Because their family was always so interested in watching, “Oh, this is X and X,” and they would always be figuring out, oh, drew the family - they’d be drawing family trees on the beach, through the sand, and they’d be figuring out who each person coming out to the beach from the Kennedy’s house was. So, sometimes, it would be Rosa. Sometimes, it would be a daughter. If it’s somebody they didn’t really know, they would draw a family tree and guess whose kid it was among the adults of the Kennedy family. Once, they saw an unknown kid that was one of Billy’s kids and at that point, I believe Rosa had gone senile. So, they said, “Oh no. We should not tell Rosa or else it would break her heart.”
During or after that time, while the kids are playing in the beach, they found playing in the shallow water very boring. Because the aunts never took care of the kids and didn’t really look at them, the kids got into the half-inflated life boat or half-inflated boat and rode out and they pushed off. When they pushed off, they immediately got soaked up by a rip tide and was pushed out to sea to the Nantucket Ferry. As the water was washing over them and they were really getting close to Nantucket Ferry, they looked and they saw the Nantucket Ferry passengers, they could see the distinct features of each of them. But when they looked back at the beach, they’re looking at their aunts and uncles, they can only see four hopping dots. So, as they’re getting really close to the Nantucket Ferry, the water broke over their heads. When they looked up, they saw two young men of the Kennedy family riding a motorized boat towards them, and they scooped them up and saved them. 
As they drove back to shore, the Kennedy family members, they were the ones who pretty much saved the three kids from being really harshly scolded by the aunts. As they approached shore, the aunts and uncles saw that it’s actually two members of the Kennedys coming, so they’re like, “Oh my god. We have to be really nice and look really pleasant.” So, they’re smiling the whole time whenever they looked at the Kennedys. But then, every time they looked at the kids, they started smiling as in like, “You’re about to get it.” When they got to the shore, they were just flaunting over the Kennedys and telling them like, “Thank you for everything.” Then, they scolded the kids really harshly, and ultimately, the punishment was that they couldn’t go to the water for the next couple of hours or until they left. Then, at that point, the kids started throwing a tantrum. They started begging and kicking up sand and running everywhere, just generally, being a nuisance, until one of the aunts, Pam said, “Okay. You can go to the water, but only up until your knees.” The kids were really happy for a little bit. But then, once they got in the water, they realized, “Oh my god. This is so boring.” So, they started having chicken fights which is weird because there’s only three people, but they did their best. They had chicken fights and the goal was to fall into the water and get drenched because that was much more fun. 
As they’re on their way outside of the water, they’re on top of each other, and somebody actually kicked their Uncle Al’s head and when kicking Uncle Al’s head, his eye popped out of its socket which was actually shocking to them. So, they had a big scare, and then they got scolded really harshly - the little kids got scolded really harshly, as they’re screaming or after they’re screaming, by the aunts of the family. Pretty much the eye fell out of the socket which was magnetized and actually very expensive and so they didn’t really calculate it in the budget. Out of panic, the teller of the story started searching through the sand and sifting through it. Surprisingly, she actually found the eye. She picked it up and she got scared by it, screamed and dropped it again in the water. So, everybody else saw this. They’re like, “Okay, it could be found.” So, everybody started getting into the water and looking for Uncle Al’s eye, and eventually, they did find it, and Uncle Al simply washed it off and popped it back into his eye. Then, the teller of the story looked over and she saw that this whole time the Kennedys were actually just watching them from the side. They’re just looking at them. That’s it. End of story. I’m done.          