The story starts off with Mikayla, her siblings, and her family that lives in Providence, Rhode Island. In Providence, Rhode Island, they’re basically 20 miles away from the Kennedys, and everything’s the same as the Kennedys. They’re both Catholic, both Irish, and both of their families live in Providence, Rhode Island. What else? Their family kind of like keeps track of everything that the Kennedys do. They went on a car ride and the JFK had assassinated. Mikayla starts crying about it, and one of her siblings was like, “Oh, look, Mikayla’s crying.” The dad literally pulls over from the highway or whatever, overpass that their driving on, and he stops and he turns back with tears in his eyes, and he’s like, “You could always - there’s nothing wrong with crying about that man,” or, “You can always cry about that man.” Then, they go on about their day. I know that they always go on a vacation trip with their aunts who are literally by the cove, right by the Kennedys, and they spend some time knowing - they spend some time, what is it called? Going to the beach. I guess they’re in a vacation with their aunts once a year, and they live in this nice little beach house. I think it’s a beach house. During the trip, they - what is it called? They go to the beach, they play in the sand, they sit at the beach chairs, and her aunts’ favorite things to do is to sit in their chairs with their super hyper focused binoculars and watch the Kennedys who are right across the water or the area. So, they watch the Kennedys and look at what they’re doing. They comment on when people move about and do stuff. For example, when Rose came out, they were like, “Oh, they took Rose out for a walk.” Then, they start discussing how old Rose is and what her situation is, and she’s a senile old woman now. I think it’s the grandmother Rose, that the grandmother - and the one aunt, she uses the binoculars and she calls out what’s happening, and then the other two aunts breakdown how old she is and the last aunt does the calculations that she spent - she was 74 when someone died, and then she was 81 when  died. Now, she had something two weeks ago, so she’s eighty-five. They finally come to the number 85. They talk more and they watch literally the whole morning and afternoon what the Kennedys do. Meanwhile, Mikayla and her siblings, the little , are playing in the water and having a nice time with just going all – they’re in the water, splash each other. They’re having a bunch of fun until finally they see a little inflated boats - not boat, but like a plastic boat, and immediately, they all hop in the – what is it called - plastic boat. Now, the three kids are going away with the water while the aunts are watching. Mikayla just thinks to herself, she kind of wishes, “I just wish one of our aunts decide to turn, like her neck was hurting her,” or something like that, or she wanted to stretch her neck, but no, she just kept watching the Kennedys. Then, me and my siblings were on the boat, this partially inflated boat, and it just starts to drift out little by little into the water. It’s really starting to seem like the Gilligan’s, a really Beach Gilligan’s or something; she says like that. I don’t know what it is. She commented about how their situation is similar. Now, they’re drifting out and they’re drifting out. Finally, their aunts look like little dots on the horizon. They’re starting to see people in a ferry. They’re able to see the features of all these people on this ferry boat that’s of the waterway. They’re like, “Oh, we’re really far out in the sea now.” Literally, the water starts to come over from the coast, and as they come through the water from a wave, they see two of the Kennedy boys. I think it’s Danny and David. They and their powerboat are speeding over and they stopped before them, and they rescued them. Now, they just got rescued by the Kennedy boys in their powerboat. Now, the powerboat starts to go back towards the beach, the beach cove, and as they are going down towards the beach cove, the three little dots of her aunts becomes the three hysterical faces of her aunts that are livid and freaking out about what happened. So, she kind of discusses how you see when we mess up, our aunts look like I have this weird thing or everyone in our family has a weird thing where they get angry and they all yell about something. When they yell, they kind of do it in different ways. The first aunt, she would yell the name and the address. She says Mikayla, Salem something Avenue, and she would do that for all of her siblings. The second aunt, for example, she would yell your name, but she would say something sweet but she actually means it pretty mean. I think she said, “Oh, Mikayla, you better lie down on that beach towel and not move one inch and make sure you wear your sunscreen.” Like that’s just something that their family has, but completely surprising though is when they get off this powerboat and they’re all at the beach and they’re ready for their aunts to go ballistic, they don’t because there was the Kennedys. Now, her aunts have these fake pretty smiles on and they’re talking to the Kennedy boys. They would smile at the Kennedy boys, but if they turn their head for a second, then they would give a nod. So, they smile to themselves, to Mikayla and her siblings. They’re like, “Once the Kennedy boys go, they’re going to come after us.” Finally, the Kennedy boys wrangle themselves away from her aunts and hop on their powerboat and go away, and Mikayla was like, “Oh, we’re finally going to get it now.” As though finally, their punishment was that they couldn’t go into the water for the rest of the vacation and they had to stay in the beach for the rest of the time. Now, hours go by, sitting in the sun, using a whole bottle of Coppertone, and playing around in the sand, building sandcastles and everything until finally the aunts were like, “Okay, you can go into the water but only up to your knees.” So, they go in the water up to their knees. They’re like, “Oh, this is really not as fun as being in the water completely.” Then, they started to play chicken. While they’re playing chicken with 3 people was kind of weird because you kind of need 4 people at least or even number of people to do chicken. Then, their Uncle Al comes and she brings - I think it’s actually the cousin, so it’s not the sibling. It’s one sibling and then the cousin they were playing with. So then, the Uncle Al lifts up the cousin onto his shoulders and then they start to play chicken. So, they’re playing chicken and they’re having a really fun family time for a moment until finally Mikayla, on her brother’s shoulders I think, takes her foot and she’s playing and stuff, and she accidentally kicks Uncle Al so hard in the face that his eye pops out and drops into water. Now, the thing is though, it was a fake eye. You see, they never told them that Uncle Al had a fake eye because they thought they were going to blab it to everybody they come across. Now, in this situation, it’s suddenly silent. She just kicked out Uncle Al’s eye, just lost in the water, and then people started crying, and her cousins are looking at her like, “Oh my gosh, you broke my dad.” Uncle Al is just silent. The aunts start getting on it. The wife, the aunt who is the wife of Uncle Al, was like, “Oh my gosh, now we have to worry about this because this eye cost top dollar,” and it’s not at their budget to get a new one. Finally, Mikayla starts to back away as discussions go and she’s like, “I’m actually sad now. I wish I drowned. I wish the Kennedys didn’t save me. I wish I could kick out Uncle Al’s eye.” She starts to drift in the water and she’s like - then she starts shifting through the sand and the sea level, and she’s looking for his eye. She finds it, but then she screams because she grabs it in the palm of her hands and there’s like an eye looking back at her. So, she let’s go of it and it drops back into water. After her scream, everybody starts looking for the eye. Everybody’s looking, looking, looking for the eye, and finally, one of the kids find it. She’s just happy it’s not her. So then, Uncle Al just rinses it off and then pops it back in. Oh yes, she can see the socket before because his eyelid was open. She can see the socket and the skin where the eye is. Back up to where we are now, she pops it back in and she’s like, wow, because now, they are all settled down and she’s like, “How could I never noticed this was a fake eye?” Because once you know it’s a fake thing, then you’re like, “Oh, this is really fake. How did I never noticed it was a fake eye?” Finally, everything calms down and everyone goes to sit in their beach chairs on the beach, and then the next 30 minutes or so, like the rest of the conversation, they’re basically about what she did and what happened and how they finally find the eye. While this is all going on, Mikayla noticed is that people are actually watching us, so people probably saw it happen. Few of these people she noticed was the Kennedy boys who, at some point across all this time, was taking a walk and then finally stopped and they watched the whole situation happen. They were just standing there watching them. [Pause] Yes, 