Okay. So, this story takes place in Providence, Rhode Island, and the narrator’s families believed that they were always connected with the Kennedys because they were Irish, the Kennedys were Irish. They were Catholic, the Kennedys were Catholic. So they always have some kind of fixation with them and they assumed that they were always somehow connected. I believed they said that there was a tragedy that they went through and the Kennedys, obviously, have one those tragic stories of all. It began - she started the story talking about how her family had a little fight at their grandma’s house and they all got in the car, turned on the radio and then it discussed the, I think the 10th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy. So, because of this connection they have, the narrator starts breaking into tears and her sister starts to mock her. Like “Why are you crying over this president?” whatever. Her sister’s name was Erin. Her dad pulls over to the side of the road, turns around with tears in his eyes and he says like, “Don’t feel bad for crying for that man. He was a great man.” So, again, this ties back to, I think, the dad starts to discuss in that car about how they were married in the same church and stuff like that.  
Then, it goes on to talk about like their fixation with the Kennedys and how the four aunts used to rent a beach house which is on the exact same cove as the Kennedy house. So, yes, I think it was every summer the four aunts would go and they would all apply sunscreen on their necks and Aunt Pat would put sunscreen on her neck and put it in front of her hands, the back of her hands, her feet, something with that. The four aunts will all put their chairs in a line on the shore and they would watch the Kennedys with their binoculars. They always joked about how they’d have sightings. They’d be like, “Oh, here comes senile Rose” or whatever. “Here comes the other one.” Like, “Don’t remind her about Bobby.” Like “Don’t remind her about Bobby’s dead because she’s so senile.” So, with these sightings, the children would always just know that they would never be supervised.
There’s one time where all the cousins decided to crawl into this flimsy, plastic boat that lacked oars or whatever. It was just like a flimsy boat that barely could float on its own. The narrator is saying that like, “Well, if they were looking at our direction, they would have seen the rip tide and they would have seen everything that would have pulled them away. No one said that. Like no one said anything and they were thrown or carried into the rip tide. They remember seeing that like there were four jumping dots on the shoreline which was their aunts. I forgot how they were found, but I believe it was the Kennedys that rescued them.    
Yes, and her aunts were always very sarcastic. Like they would say such nice things. I believe it’s Aunt Pat, specifically. Then, they’d like make a joke out of it. They’d be like, “Oh, I’ll buy you a birthday present if you do this” or “I’ll save you from drowning if you do this.” Yes. Then, there’s Uncle Al, I believe his name was, and some fight breaks out and the narrator, I think, hits him or something and his eyeball falls out into the water and then it sinks into the ocean. Everyone’s freaking out and no one, even his children, had no idea that this is a fake eye, because back then, I guess, it wasn’t very common. The narrator gets so traumatized by this that she takes a step back into the ocean and starts reaching down. They see his open eye socket that’s missing everything. It was such an expensive eye that they were worried that they wouldn’t get their money back. She’s like, “I wish I drowned.” Something along the lines of that. Like “I wish I died in that boat” or whatever, but she ends up finding it. The funniest part is that in the end, both of the Kennedy children, I think, it was Michael and I forgot the other one’s name, they witnessed this whole thing. The ironic part is that the Kennedys were watching them now. I’m done. 