So, basically, it’s this girl and her family. They're from Providence, Rhode Island, and she’s basically saying that her family was like 15 minutes away from the Kennedy household. So, they shared a lot, like they would share like family - I forgot the rest of it. Basically, afterwards, she’s already discussing how when JFK died and they're playing like The Anniversary Song, whatever, I think they were playing The Anniversary Song in the radio, she started crying and then her sister started making fun of her and then she’s like, “Oh, Dad, look like she's crying,” but then the dad turned around and with tears in his eyes, too, and then tells her daughter, he’s like, “Oh, don’t ever be afraid to cry over JFK.” 
Oh, yes, Jackie and Jack Kennedy, like when they got married, the parents also got married in the same church, and then they were also able to replicate the jewelry, I think the ring that Jackie Kennedy had, Jack and Jackie had. So, the girl later describes that every single year, her aunts, the family would go on vacation to this place in Rhode Island, and they weren't there just to like have a family vacation, do whatever. They were specifically there because they were able to watch like the Kennedys from there. All the aunts would go out, set up the chairs, got their binoculars, and they'll put sunscreen on like the back of their necks, their hands, wherever the sun was, but not like not facing, but not – yes. They’ll put sunscreen there and then they'll set up their chairs, grab their binoculars, and then just stare at the Kennedys, and they’re drawing out who's who.
Then if they didn’t know who somebody was, they would draw up the family tree right there and right then. Like this one Kennedy, Bobby, they were like, “Oh…” They didn’t know who Bobby is, and then they saw like Bobby with a girl, and then they’re like, “Oh, I feel bad for her ways,” something like that. Then because all the aunts were so intrigued and watching the Kennedys, they didn’t notice the little kids got off into the sea in like a little inflatable pool thingy, and then they were washed away to like the ocean, and they weren't able to see anything until they noticed like the Rhode Island Ferry was there, and they were like, “Oh, we’re screwed,” and then a boat comes up to them and rescues them, and then afterwards, they were like, “Oh, my God, they just rescued us.”  
Then they noticed that it’s Michael and David Kennedy. So, the Kennedys take them back to the shore, and when the aunts see them, they don’t know if they should be happy or mad. Like at first, they’re like smiling, but then they’re looking at the kids like, “All right. We're going to kill you after the Kennedys leave.” After that happened, she talks about how they still have their little vacation. Then there's another instance where they're all playing in the water, and this is the whole family and then their Uncle Al and the girls and her two cousins, the kids of Al. They’re playing in the water and they’re playing – both the guys had a girl on their shoulders and they were playfighting in the water. Then the girl, she kicks Uncle Al’s head and his eye pops out, and then they're all screaming because they didn't know he had a fake eye.
Then the cousin started getting mad at the daughter because she lost the eye, and then the aunt started freaking out because the eye cost like a lot of money. It was able to like mimic the movement of the working eye. They're all freaking out, looking out trying to – they were like arguing and like freaking out about who's to blame. One aunt is saying in a panic she’ll start telling what everybody’s address is. Then another aunt would be like nice, but also talking about death threats. So, the girl goes out to find the eye and she finds it, and then she screams because she realized eye is looking at her. She drops it. 
Then everyone starts looking for it and says, “No. That’s nearby.”  Then Kevin finds it and then it all goes back to normal, and then they're all like hanging out and talking again, but then the girl realizes that there are two Kennedy children just staring at the whole family, and it turns out the entire time, it was David and Michael Kennedy staring at them. They’re watching the whole thing happen. 