Okay. So, this story takes place in Rhode Island where the main character’s family is, I believe, related to the Kennedys, the famous President JFK who was killed. They’re in Rhode Island and she starts the story by just recalling what it’s like to have known them, to be a part of that, to feel like almost part of their family, knowing everything that’s going on with them, and how that kind of has an effect on them. 
So, in the first scene, they’re driving on the road and it’s like 10 years since JFK was killed and one of the characters starts crying and then one of the kids in the family was like laughing at it. Then the dad really pulls the car to the side of the road and says, “Don’t you ever feel ashamed to cry for that man, JFK.” As JFK truly was and I believe he was a great president and it was a real tragedy what happened to the Kennedys and that’s the theme throughout the story. All the tragedies that happened to JFK and then Bobby. 
But anyway, after that, they’re on vacation. The character talks about a vacation, especially on the beach and how they always for a while like to spy on the Kennedys, some of them. So, they’re on the beach. Like some of them take their binoculars to watch the Kennedys and like map out their whole family tree and life story. So, that’s an important part of the story.
Then all of a sudden, one day, they decided to go swimming. So, the main character and some of the kids were swimming and they get deep, deep out into the water and feel like they’re drowning or something. Then, out of nowhere, Michael and David Kennedy come in and save them on a power boat or something, on a machine boat. So, they went out deep. So, they get saved by Michael and David Kennedy as they both pick them up and then they go back and as punishment for being out that deep, they’re not supposed to or take on the water only to their knees. So, then they go into the water, the shallow end, just on their knees and they’re playing chicken fight like where I guess someone sits on the other person’s arms and they’re like wrestling in the water. So, during the chicken fight that’s only three people and only two can go on one. Then Uncle Allen, one of the uncles, decided to help out in the chicken fight. So, he goes into play and so it’s two with two and then the main character, actually, then she goes and she kicks Uncle Allen in the face, I guess, part of the wrestling, and then his eye, his fake eye, pops out into the water and she feels so bad. Everyone is screaming, flipping out because she can’t believe that the fake eye is now in the water, and so they’re looking for the eye.
Then almost the main character sees the eye in the water and screams and was like, “Oh, my God.” So then they told the family - because, of course, she felt really bad that she kicked it and the eye fell out. She feels like everyone is judging her and like she feels really bad. She was going deep into the water. She said she wanted just to drown because she felt so bad. But now, they go and they looked for the eye and they ultimately go and they found the eye. They pop it back into Uncle Allen and he’s fine. They realized that it was a fake eye and that it was okay. Yes. And the whole time throughout, the Kennedys, Michael and David Kennedy, those two were watching the whole thing like seriously, the main character noticed the whole incident. That’s pretty much the bulk of the story, I would say. I’m trying to think any more details. Yes, they were watching. Michael and David were watching and, yes.