There was a young girl named Mikayla who was telling a story about how her family vacation went wrong. It begins with her and her family and she starts crying in the back of her car because she heard on the radio that JFK had been assassinated, and then her father pulls the car over and turns around and was like, “That is totally okay if this is why you are upset,” and then they are all - fast forward, her and her family had shared a beachfront with the Kennedys to the point that I think she mentioned she could see their compound and that her four aunts were obsessed with them. The aunts would always go out of their way to place themselves so they could see the Kennedys and the three kids, the girl and her two cousins, had gone out in the ocean to play. All the aunts had situated themselves to watch the Kennedy compound rather than the children. Eventually, the children get pushed out into the beach and get so far that the four aunts are just four dancing dots.
Then once they're in the water, they don't know what to do and they see a boat that approaches them and they figured that they’re really far once they were able to see the features of the people in the boat. Once they get picked up on the boat, they realized it’s two of the Kennedys and they picked them up onto the boat and take them back to the shore. The aunts aren't mad that - or they know that the aunts will be mad at them, but what matters to them most right now is that they're able to talk to the Kennedys and that the kids are okay. So, they're talking to the Kennedys and they give the kids a look like they're going to hear about this later and that's what happens with them in that situation.
Then when they're at the beach another time, the aunt said that the children are not allowed to go in the water because of what had happened before and so they eventually play on the sand which gets boring to them. They give in and they say that the kids are only allowed to go into the water to the point of it going up to their knees and they realized that that's not very fun. While they're playing in the water to their knees, they eventually get the whole family involved in the situation and they start chicken fighting. The girls, Mikayla, the storyteller, are chicken fighting and it gets a little bit out of hand and then she knocks into her uncle. She knocks into him really hard and his eye fell out of his head. At this point, all the kids are freaking out and they had no idea that that could happen or that their uncle had a fake eye. So, she’s in so much trouble. She thinks she's never going to see the light of day again and she doesn't know what to do. She thinks her life is over. She starts thinking about how they're going to have to pay top dollar to get a new eye for her uncle and blah-blah-blah.
Eventually, she just kind of drifts out into the ocean a little bit more to look for the eye because she felt so guilty and that her cousins are blaming her for the fact that they can't find it and that it was knocked down. So, eventually, she starts digging and digging and digging through layers of sand. She finds the eye and she freaks out because she found an eye and was holding it and lets it go back in the sand. Then they realize it was possible so they kept digging and digging with all the family. Apparently, her cousin, George, finds the eye because she didn't want to find it again and her uncle, eventually, puts it back into his face, like washes it off, puts it in,  it, and realizes that it works and that they don’t have to get a new eye. The kicker for this whole story is that the two Kennedys of which or the Kennedy family of which they had shared the beachfront with were watching this whole thing happen on the beachfront. I'm done.  Thank you.