So, basically, in the story, the lady was talking about her family’s relation to the Kennedy family. Initially, she talks about how her family never lived more than 20 miles away from them and how there’s quite similarities between that family and her family. For example, her parents getting married in the same chapel as one of the Kennedys did. In particular in the story, she was talking about was when her family went on vacation and how her aunts are watching over them. They were watching the Kennedys, who were nearby, with binoculars. So, the whole time while they’re watching them, she and her other cousin got swept away on a boat, and essentially, the Kennedy brothers had to come and save them. She was saying how her aunts were frantic, but they can’t really show that emotion because the Kennedys were right in front of them talking, or right in front of them bringing them back. So, they knew they were in trouble, but their aunts couldn’t really express that. Another part of the story was when – after the fact that they got punished for, call it debacle, they were in the sands for the majority of the time. After complaining for a while, one of the aunts gave in, and they went into the water but not more than knee-high deep. So, they decided to play chicken fight and then their Uncle Al joined in on them. Uncle Al never really played with them before, so they so they were shocked. While they were playing, the lady speaking kicked her uncle in the head really hard, and his eyeball popped out. She was quite shocked because they didn’t know it was a prosthetic eye. So, they were looking for it, frantic. Everyone was looking for it. She found the eye and then forgot that she was looking for said eye and dropped it again. So, everyone was looking for it, looking for it until one of the other cousins found it and all is well again. While she was still reeling from the events that just occurred, she realized that two of the Kennedy brothers were watching, and no one else knows that they were watching, but they were watching for the whole duration of the time, which is kind of reflective of the fact that her family was watching the Kennedys, but now the Kennedys are watching them. I am done recalling the rest of the story.