The story starts off with Mikayla, the lady who’s speaking, saying that she's from Providence, Rhode Island, and that her family loves the Kennedys, and that after mass on Saturday, they go back to their house and they listen to music, I believe is what it was, that the Kennedys listen to. When her parents got married, her dad got her mom the same jewelry that the Kennedys had gotten for their marriage, and was saying how because they love the Kennedys so much, they’re so similar to the Kennedys. The Kennedys are Irish, and they’re Irish. The Kennedys are Catholic, and they're Catholic. Whenever there's a tragedy with the Kennedy family, there's also a tragedy in her family. So, she has these two aunts that have this beach house that is in another area of Rhode Island. I can’t remember. Maybe New Haven. It’s on the same beach as the Kennedys have a house on. So, they go there in the summer. The aunts bring their chairs out, and instead of facing like the water, or the sand, or the house, they face towards the Kennedys, and they start to kind of narrate what they're doing, like, “Oh, this person's coming out. Oh, this person's here walking.” Then if they don't know someone, they figure out who it is. They even sometimes draw family trees in the sand. But because the aunts are so preoccupied with looking at the Kennedys, Mikayla and her cousin can kind of just do whatever in the pool. No one's really looking at them. Not in the pool, in the water. So, they were in the water. Mikayla claims that none of the aunts were looking, not even as if to turn their head, I think for like an itch or a massage or something on their neck. So, they didn't see them get into this like half deflated, I think, like raft. So, they got in the raft, no one noticed, and then it took them off into the rough waves. It took them all the way to near this Rhode Island Ferry where they could start to see the people in the ferry more clearly and then turned around and their aunts were just like blobs, which is how they realized that they were so far out into the water. Then as they were on the water, they saw this, I think it was called a powerboat that came up. They were thinking like, “Oh, we’re saved by a powerboat.” In the powerboat was George and Michael, two Kennedys. So, they got on the boat and brought them back to the sand, the beach. Mikayla recalls as they were coming back, expecting that the aunts were going to be super mad, they know - she noted how one of the aunt when she gets mad says the name of whoever she's mad at and then their street address. I can’t remember the street address. Oh, I think Mikayla’s street is just Asylum Road. Then the other one like says things very passive aggressively that can be nice but sounds also like a threat. So, as they approached, they were ready to face the aunts, but they didn't - George and Michael didn't ready because they didn't understand how crazy, I guess, the aunts could be. When they got closer, they realized that instead of being crazy, head bobbing up and down, they were actually - they turned to like smiling and being super like pretending to be normal once they saw it was the Kennedys. So then, they got back to the beach, dropped them off, told the Kennedys to say hi to their grandmother for them, then once they left, told Mikayla and her cousin, “You can't go into the beach anymore. You can only stay on the sand.” Then they were staying on the sand and throwing a fit. She was kicking sand and using a lot of Coppertone sunscreen. Then I guess one of the aunts, I think it was Aunt Pat, told them that they could go into the water up to their knees, but then they realized that that's not that fun, so they had chicken fights, but there were only three of them. They were doing the best they could with the chicken fights, and then their Uncle Al came to help out. During the chicken fights, Mikayla kicked the side of Al’s face and his eye popped out. They didn't know what to do because she just popped his eye out. Turns out that the eye was a fake eye but was very expensive and could sync up with other eye. So, Aunt Pat was freaking out because it was a super expensive eye. Then Mikayla wasn't sure what to say because you can’t really say thank you when you - or sorry. Sorry. You can't really say “I'm sorry” when you kick someone's eye out. So, she was looking in the sand and the shells and swimming through to try to find the eye. She was saying that a part of her will always be looking for the eye. Then she found the eye and dropped it because it scared her. So then, when they realized it was possible to find it, everyone started looking. Mikayla was saying how she was hoping it secretly wouldn't be her that found the eye. Then once I think one of her cousins found the eye, Uncle Al washed it off and then popped it back in and made sure it was matching with the other eye. Then the story ends with her realizing that there were two men who had been watching, and that those men were George and Michael, two of the Kennedys. So, they were watching her family as well. 