Okay. So, from the beginning, it began with a female. She was in the car with her father. They’re driving when she finds herself crying. Her sister makes fun of her crying, and her dad is like, “Hey, if you need to cry about it, cry about it. Don't feel bad for crying about the Kennedys.” This happened just after the tragedy of John F. Kennedy dying, getting assassinated. So, yes. So, they’re driving, blah, blah, blah. She goes on telling us a story about how her family loved the Kennedys, like they love the Kennedys. Her grandmother, her grandma… Her grandmother and her aunt all love the Kennedys so very much. They were obsessed with like - they would watch the Kennedys when they wake up, when they were asleep, just like daily activities that the Kennedys did, they were always on check. They watched what the husbands did and how would the aunts react. It was as if it was their own Kim Kardashian soap opera. So, to get to the gist of the story, they love the Kennedys. Her aunts and her grandmas love the Kennedys. They would watch what the Kennedys did for a while until…  They would watch what the Kennedys did for a while until they were on vacation. So, the family were on vacation. The daughters would – they were in the water playing in the sand until they got really deep into the water. The water swooped them away until the point where their aunts were nowhere to be found. They were just tiny dots on the coast. So, yes. They were just tiny little dots on the coast. So, they got swept in a way. They were scared because they’re like, “Oh, my God. With the wave, we can’t find our aunts.” The crazy thing is their aunts would’ve kept their eye on them if they weren’t so obsessed with the Kennedys. Yes. If they weren’t so obsessed with the Kennedys, their aunt would’ve kept an eye on them. So, they got swept away. The crazy part is the powerboat that saved them happened to be two of the Kennedy kids. So, the two of the Kennedy kids swept them away. They actually ended up saving them from the little drowning experience. The narrator knew that when they got back to shore, that they were going to get in trouble. She recalled saying that  how her aunt liked to call them by their government name and then their address, so they knew when they come back that they were going to get in trouble. So, when they came back to shore – because their aunt and their grandma saw that it was the Kennedys, they were happy. They had smiles on their faces. It wasn't until - just wrap it up. It wasn't until they came back to shore, they were like, “Oh, my God. Thank you. Best wishes to your grandmother,” where they got grounded. The three girls were grounded, and they weren't able to go into the water. They still got to enjoy the rest of their vacation, but they weren’t able to go into the water until they urged their aunt, and their aunt said, “Okay. You can go into the water but only knee-deep.” So, they went into the water, the three of them, and they decided to play, to chicken fight so they can get submerged into the water. It wasn't until they started chicken fighting and the narrator was on her uncle's shoulders, because then started getting more intertwined. The family, everybody started playing chicken fight. She accidentally kicks her uncle in the face. Out of his head, his eye pops out. It was scary because nobody knew that he had a fake eye. Yes. She pops his eyes out. Everybody is just shocked with the fact that he didn't – it was Ale. Her uncle’s name was Ale. Ale had a fake eye. He was pretty okay, like, he was fine with it. It was an empty socket. They start checking into the water like, “Okay. Where is the eye?” The narrator finds the eye and actually drops it back into the water where Kevin, her cousin, finds the eye and gives it back to the uncle Ale. Ale washes off the eye and puts it back in. She takes all the blame of the missing eye. Yes. That was pretty much the story. Done.  