So, the narrator grew up in Newport, Rhode Island I think it was Kingsport Rhode Island and she was telling us about how her family like - and the Kennedys were the center of the universe basically. So, they were Irish - like if the Kennedys were Irish, her family was also Irish. If they were Catholic, they were also Catholic. If the Kennedys have the same tragedies, they also share the same tragedies. Basically, she's talking about how one day - she was driving in her car, in the car with her dad and her sister and in the radio, she heard about JFK's assassination and she began crying and the sister pointed it out, like try to make it almost a shameful way that she's crying over JFK. Then the dad turned around and he was also crying and then he was like, “Don't ever be ashamed about crying over that man.” So, that gave her more comfort and reassurance about the way she was feeling at the moment over JFK's assassination. Basically, yes, she was also talking about how her aunt would always vacation in an island like I think it was – it was Haya- something, it’s an island that they usually go to on the beach and they bring their towels stuff, they would tan every single day and then the cousins will play – would tan and swim. Her aunts were really obsessed and stalking the Kennedys and their activity. And their activities like they'd monitor them 24/7. And also, whenever they see someone new in the family for example that they don't know, they would like to draw the family tree on the sand and they figure out who it is that they're trying to know about. Basically, one day her aunt and her cousins went swimming in the water and then I think they got lost and nearly drowned, but the Kennedy's came to save them on a special type of boat and they were a bit embarrassed to be saved by the Kennedys and when they got back, they thought the aunts were going to be mad because whenever the aunts get mad, they yell out something like - it just like 1-800 Asylum Road like whatever the narrator's name is I think it was Miriam or something like that. Yes, so they'd be a bit weird when they would get mad, but then I think they try to hide the fact they were mad. They were all smiley about the Kennedys. They were like, “Oh, it’s okay. Thank you so much for saving our nieces,” and stuff like that, but I think deep down, they were embarrassed of the fact that the Kennedys had to save their nieces and daughters. So, yes, basically the Kennedys save them or whatever. Then she went on about talking about another day in her life when they were having cat fights in the beach, but it was a bit embarrassing because it was just three people. Then I think she accidentally kicked her uncle's eye and then she realized that the eye left the pupil and she yelled in terror because she didn't know that her uncle had a fake eye and she didn't even know having a fake eye at the time was possible. Then she tried searching and searching for it like she was so - like she nearly died of embarrassment. She was like she would have died on the Kennedys would have never save her, until she found the eye in the middle of the sand and she nearly yelled again in terror seeing the eye again until she gave it back to her uncle and the uncle just simply popped it back in. So, it was basically her relating about, I guess, her weird family and - I don't know. I guess some sort of trauma in her life, so I'm done basically.