Okay. It starts off and she’s telling a comedy story, and she’s talking about how her family lives near the Kennedys and how the Kennedys are very important to her family. She said that they were relatives or - but I’m not sure if that was a 100% true or if she was exaggerating, because that’s how much her family cared about the Kennedys. She said the Kennedys were very important to them. They were Irish, just like her family, and they’re Catholic, like her family, and that they were talking about how the Kennedy assassination hit really close to their family. Her father, Murph, was driving – they were in a car one time ten years later and the radio came on and it was saying the 10-year assassination thing, an anniversary. Then Mikayla, who is the speaker, starts crying, and then her sister says, “Look, Mikayla’s crying,” and then her dad pulls the car over on I-95 and turns around with tears in his eyes and he says, “Don’t you ever feel bad about crying for that man,” or something along those lines. So, the Kennedys were very important for the family, and then she talks about how for their vacation was on a beach front right on a house next to where the Kennedys are. Their house or their beach house, I’m not sure, and that road, her aunts, the four of them, Momo – one of them is Momo. I think it was Paula. I know it was a P. Then two other ones. They would sit and they would watch the Kennedys. They would put sunscreen on the back their necks, in their hands, and they would face the chairs to face the Kennedys’ property, and then they would talk about the Kennedys. Then when Rose came out, they would say, “Oh, how old is she now?” They talked about the Kennedy assassination, and I think Momo was the one who did the calculations and be like, “Oh, she’s 81 years old now,” but anyway. Because the aunts were watching the Kennedys, the kids, Mikayla, Evelyn, and I think Jack. I think those were here cousins. I think the cousins, which were - Al’s children I know it was – was it Evelyn or Ilene? I think it was Ilene. Ilene was her – but anyway. Al’s children were Ilene and I think Jack, and – or was Jack the Kennedy? But they decided at one point they found this half-inflated boat and they’re like, “Well, we’re going to go on the boat,” and they went on the boat and then the tide pulled them out so far that they could see the Nantucket Ferry. They were out really far, and they didn’t realize how far they were until they could see the specific features on the passengers and then their aunts were hopping dots, as she described. Then, they were terrified, and then an Atlantic swell or crest? An Atlantic swell came over them as the powerboat came and it ended up being the Kennedys. Not all, like two of the Kennedys. I don’t remember the Kennedys names. The two of the Kennedys came and they saved them on the powerboat, and then Mikayla was saying like, “Look, it’s a powerboat,” because she was nine and she didn’t realize, oh, it’s the Kennedys who - or maybe she did, but she was more focused on the powerboat. As they got close to the aunts, she knew that her aunts would be very, very upset. There was one of them that would say their names and addresses very angrily like, “Evelyn, 231 Hopper Street,” and like, “Mikayla, 180 Asylum Street or Asylum Road,” something like that, and then her other aunt would say nice things in a very threatening way like, “I’m going to save you from drowning and you better get on that towel and dry off,” or, “You better eat that birthday cake and I’m going to get you some birthday presents.” Anyway, the Kennedys bring them and then the aunts, there’s a lot of emotion going on because these are the Kennedys, the people that they really liked, and they’re also so very upset. So, one of her aunts starts talking like the Kennedys, which is a mixture of Katie Hepburn and the Queen of England, and try to appear normal as they’re having a fit. Then, the Kennedys get back on the boat and they go away, and so the punishment is that the kids are not allowed to go to the ocean for the rest of the vacation, but it was in the sweltering heat, in the hundreds, and they got really bored of just not being in the ocean the next - another day. So, the kids begged and begged and begged, and then their Aunt Paula was like, “Okay, fine. Only up to your knees,” and the kids were like, “Yay!” and then they got in there and they’re like, “Woah, it’s really boring,” it’s only up to their knees. So, they started doing chicken fights, but there’s only three of them, so it can’t be that fun. Until their Uncle Al decided to join in, who was Ilene and Jack’s – was it Kevin? I know there’s a Kevin, but anyway, he was a father, and they started doing chicken fights. It was more fun and it was like a family fun event until Mikayla accidentally kicked Uncle Al in the head really hard and his eye popped out because he had a glass eye that was magnetic. But they didn’t know he had a glass eye, so everyone’s freaking out, and then Ilene and Jack looked at her like she was – it was a look that was like “I can’t believe you did that,” and she was freaking out. Everyone was very upset, and apparently, it was very expensive. The aunts were saying, “You better hope the vacation’s over.” Anyways, so while everyone’s freaking out about the eye, the family was talking about this, she kind of backs away into the sand and then sifts through it, hoping to find the eye. She does, and she picks it up, but she also screams and drops it back, because it’s an eye. But then, the whole family realizes it’s a thing that can be done. We can find the eye. So, everyone starts looking. She hopes she’s not the one to find it because of what happened before, so they all kind of start sifting through the sand for about an hour, and then her cousin, Kevin, picks it up and finds the eye. So, Al brushes it off and then pops the eye back in his socket and then test it out. It’s still magnetic. It connects to the other eye well. She was saying, “Well, once you see that it’s a fake eye, you can’t just not know,” and the reason they didn’t tell it was a fake eye because they didn’t want it to get around the neighborhood, that he has fake eye because there’s before Columbo. I think that’s what she said. Then, Mikayla’s looking and then she realize that there was a family watching them the whole time, and then she gets a closer look, it’s the same people that saved her before, which are the Kennedys. They are probably on a walk, and they stayed there, and it’s kind of like a full circle type moment where her family is watching the Kennedys and then they are watching her family in the same… 