The story is about this teacher telling stories. She taught 9-year-olds and she's saying how she made games out of everything they had to learn, so it was usually fun for them to learn. They didn't get bored and stuff. She had to teach them about the Oregon Trail and to try to come up with a fun way to tell about the Oregon Trail. So, she decided that they were going to you have a hike to the Oregon Trail, and then she went through trying to prepare them for it, and she print out a list of names of people who perished on the Oregon Trail so the kids will use their first name and last name of all of these people who was actually there. 
She had one little boy , and he always ask the best questions, and she took him for a walk around the city. They took about a 40-block walk which is about two miles, and one of the kids said you'd be riding in a wagon for first class or sick people, or the . Then they asked about water because they were coming up on the water fountain. She said they really didn't have water fountains on the Ozark Trail. “Well, there's water fountain over there,” the kids said, and she decided that they were  that's a stream. “Ah, here we are, thirsty, and there’s a stream.” It would be for you to make up stories or make up what happened on the Oregon Trail like the night before and what they would do is roll a dice to figure out - there would be two options, and they will roll a dice to figure out something which  options. They rolled a dice to figure out which option was the one that won that day, and the funny part about it is one of their things with the kids wanted to know was could somebody die.
So, every day,  class, one of the kids would say, “Would anybody die today?” She's trying to not have any to parents talk to her after school about what she was teaching, and she went into the school and she decided she was going to give them what they want, somebody might die there. She went in with answers to these questions, and one of the scenarios was they met a snake oil salesman, and of course, there’s these nine-year-olds, they would  who he was. That was basically a con artist, but they met a snake oil salesman. They bought the snake oil and took it, and the snake oil was supposed to make them go faster – if they drink it, they can go faster. Well, they rolled the dice and  to go faster. They eventually got sick, and they were throwing up. So, they had to postpone their walk for the day, and everybody had to pretend that they were throwing up.
Now, nobody died during that, but now they were all very happy about everybody. They were happy they had to throw up at school today. Then, the next day she came in and the choices were - so what they were going to start there with the rockies and that's the hardest part of the journey, and the rock chipped everyone out of their wagons, and nobody died, but somebody got caught underneath the wagon. She rolled the dice to find out who it was, and it was this little girl named Katie. Katie rolled the dice to see what happened if she died or not, but what happed was they got her free from under the carriage, but her legs were infected. So, she had to roll the dice to find out if she died or lived after her legs got infected. 
So, her legs were infected and they didn’t know what to do, but one of the little girls from the Oklahoma Trail, her name was Dr. Ellis . So, this little girl Ellis screamed  “I’m a doctor!” So, she rolled again to find out if she died or if the doctor can fix anything, and the only way that Katie would die is if she rolled a six. But she rolled a three, so she didn’t die, and everybody threw their papers up in the air, their pencils, and celebrated that she was alive. It was just a lot of fun teaching them that way. 