The story begins in the south, I believe, where a gentleman plays for the minor leagues, the Pit Stops, I think. I can't remember the name, but we've got to call it the Pit Stop. He comes home and there's two pieces of mail presented to him by a sister Claire. [Pause] What's his name? And she gives them both the letters, wasn't an open one, and one of them he doesn't tell the address on it, the other one is from his manager at the Pit Stops. And Gordon - I can't remember names for nothing, but his manager, he lets him know that the St. Louis team, the major leagues are looking at him, watching him, and they might – they’re keeping an eye on him, and they might give him an offer to be in St. Louis major leagues in the coming year, which would be more money and more prestige, and he might be famous, but it hasn't been decided yet. He's just one of the standing. He thinks about that and talks about what he'd do if he did make it to the St. Louis team. He's talking to his mother and his sister, and his mother worry about how he'll get along, when they'll see him, and how he'll leave his team, the Pit Stops, which have him there, because he's going to have to try out with another – like four or five pitchers. He's just talking about that, he reads -he goes on to finish reading the letter, and his manager tells him how much he'd miss him, you know, he'll be sorry to see you leave, but this might be this guy's opportunity, this is his name, his sister and his mom are patting him on the back and telling him how happy they are for him, and he – [Pause] well, I think at some point, he almost dropped something, then called it, then he went to leave the room after that, and he was carrying his second piece of mail with him, which he hadn't opened yet, and his sister asked him what's that second piece of mail. So, the second piece of mail is from an old friend or girlfriend, I'm not sure. A girl and her family are scheduled to come into town, and were going to visit, and his sister's never met the girl but what would like to, and hopefully, she gets to this afternoon, and they didn't know if this girl and her people were going to have time to stop and visit with them a lot, but he wanted to be prepared. And then he continued to read the letter and found out that they would be in today, that day, and so he was planning on going down to the train station to wait for him, so they didn't have to go along the way, and they would be able to get - and they were going faster than not just to greet them, make sure they were feeling welcomed. So, he asked if his sister wanted to go with him, and she - no, she declined, but they were worried about the train not getting in, when it was due to get in, because he’s nervous gets up to – it getting into snowstorm that day, and it was already snowing, but he got ready and headed down to the station, and that's all I know. I’m finished. I'm done.