So, it starts with the narrator making some noise of exclamation while opening a letter and his sister is concerned like, “What is it? Is it a problem with dad’s business?” He says, “No. It’s just a big change is coming. I’m not going to be on the baseball team anymore.” She is like, “You got kicked off? You were doing so well. You just won an award. They’re really bad sports for kicking you off.” Then he kind of makes fun of her for using the word sport. Then she replies that it’s - because he says it’s slang, and she says it’s not slang and a lot of girls say it. Then, he’ll keeps making these cryptic remarks about what’s going to happen. He says he’s going to start making money with his pitching arm. She’s like, “What are you talking about? Tell me what the letter says.”
He’s swinging his arm around and then his mom walks in with a pitcher of water and he hits the pitcher of water even though his sister tries to warn him. Then, it flies through the air and soaks everything, and shatters. He picks it up and cleans it and that’s also when he notices another unopened envelope that he picks up. After he cleans everything up, his mom and his sister were like, “Tell us what’s going on.” He explains that he got a letter from the coach or the manager saying that he is likely to be drafted by the Saint Louis Nationals which is another big team.
The mom is really shocked. She’s like, “Draft? It sounds war time terms. Like you don’t have a choice?” He explains that when he joined his current baseball team that he acknowledged that he could be drafted to another team and he wouldn’t really have much say in it but that he’s okay with going to the other team because he can make a lot more money because it’s a bigger team. The mom’s like, “I wasn’t so sure about you going to baseball but it seems like you’re doing a good job so far.” So, he’s talking about how it will broaden his opportunities and maybe get him to an even better team afterwards.
Then, the sister was also teasing him about the other letter and saying, “I wonder if that has more to do with your situation.” So then, he opens it. Because the letter’s obviously written by a woman so that’s why his sister is curious about it. He opens it and it’s from this girl that is his friend, I think Mabel and her brother Reggie, it says that they’re coming in town that very day on a train. He’s attracted to her so he goes to the train station to try to figure out what time the train will arrive. They’re like, “We don’t know but it will probably be delayed.” Then, later, when he comes back, they’re like, “It’ll definitely be delayed by at least a day because the train is all snowed in.” He’s like, “Oh no, but my friends…”
First, he thinks – he asks why, and he starts thinking about a train crash of some sort of and he thinks maybe they’re injured, but then the person working there clarifies that it’s a snow drift and they’re trapped, that nobody can reach them. Also, the letter said that they were going to stay at a hotel nearby because the brother, Reggie, has business there. Then, previously, the sister teased him saying that – because he said the letter could be from any of my female admirer. She was like, “No, you knew exactly who wrote that letter because you recognize the handwriting.” So yes, back to the train station, he’s upset because he realizes that they’re snowed in.