This story is about a teacher who is a third-grade teacher and she's teaching her Social Studies class about the Oregon Trail. It sounds like she’s telling the crowd of adults and they are laughing like it's a comedy show. She is assigning students with authentic occupations. So, when she starts she puts on a homemade bonnet that she knitted together. She said she'll be leading the Oregon Trail in a wagon. She said all the students have to have authentic occupations and it is a long walk. So, they go take a walk in New York for 2 miles which is considered a long walk for nine-year-olds, but wagons are not allowed for kids and she wanted to make sure the parents don’t call her, at least, ask her why were they walking and were they thirsty so she pretends there’s a stream so they’d drink at the water fountain.
 So, she plays a game like Dungeons and Dragons and rolls the dice to see what they're going to play. She makes it interesting where someone could die or someone might die. Then she says, “What would you do if you have a snake oil salesman come by and selling ”, but these nine-year-olds don't know what a snake oil salesman means so they just said, “Sure. Just sell it to us,” and they’d buy it. They found out it doesn't work and it is a con. She talks about someone dying, the possibilities and so she, “If you go into the Rockies, it’s treacherous so let's just see what happens if you roll the dice and who would die.”
 Her student, Catherine Chadwick, she said if she rolls it her legs could get infected. She said, “How does this game go in that direction?” She wants to know if she dies. The teachers  that teachers don't get killed on the Oregon Trail. Then she had another student. She named her Dr. Chapman, Chapman Wallace. She said to Dr. Chapman, “You can't roll it. If you roll a six, you die.” So, she had rolled a three and she survived. Then she had 20 miles more to go and so she played a game with them called Animal Noises and it’s about baby animal noise, wanted to know what it sounds like and they named it  and after that they sped on through the Rockies to Oregon and that was like a two-day shipment for Amazon Prime.
 Once they got there, they celebrated with music from Earth, Wind & Fire. So, they had a really good time. [Pause] She wanted to make sure this was an experience and they would be interested in it, and learning about Social Studies. Also during the story, she had another boy asked her a question about a game. She’s like, “Yes, it's going to be about the game.” Anyway, after many years passed, she ran into one of the students, Katie Chapman. She grew and got taller. She went up to the teacher and asked her, “Do you remember that time when I was going to die?” Anyway, the whole crowd, there were some laughter. They just found it really funny and entertaining while she taught this group of kids about Social Studies and going through the Oregon Trail.
[Pause] The kids had a good time and they recalled it because she played the games with it. Also she made it a Game of Chance where she would bring in Dungeons & Dragons into it to see what situation they would be in by rolling the dice and depending on what they rolled and what would happen. That is what I can recollect of their story. 