The story is about an elementary school teacher who teaches third grade and her story is a story she shares with an audience. So, she begins the story by talking about how as a third-grade teacher she has to come up with these games to get her students to learn things. She talks about a unit that she does for her third graders is learning about the Oregon trail. So, she talks about this game that she made where she combines aspects of the Oregon Trail videogame with aspects of the game Dungeons & Dragons, which is a roleplaying game where you roll dice as well. In this Oregon trail unit, she talks about how - first, she is to give all of her students Oregon trail last names and assign them roles to be like doctors or farmers or something like that, and then she repeatedly mentions this one kind of smart Alec kid that she has who’s named Alex. His Oregon trail name is Alex Bacon. So, when they started the Oregon trail, they run into all of these situations that she makes up and then they have to kind of roll to figure out what the outcome of the situations are. Let’s see. Towards the end of the trail, for example, they encounter a sound in the woods and they have to roll the dice to find out what it is. They find out it’s – not to find out what it is, but to find out what kind of animal it is, this baby animal, and then they roll, then there are bunch of options and one of them is a baby wolf. So, they rolled the dice and it’s a baby wolf, and then they have to bring it with them to the rest of the trail and his name is - the kids call him Benny the Yenny. But earlier, in the trail, for other parts of it, the children are most interested in the thought that they might die and she keeps repeatedly mentioning that, that they’re intrigued by the prospect of danger. The game is a very big game hit with all the third graders. They’re very invested in it and they’re excited to come to social studies as she mentions. There is a moment in the game where she’s like kind of talks about how she sort of strayed away from the dangerous aspects of it, making an actual possibility, like making the students Oregon trail versions of themselves actually be faced with a prospect of dying, but there is a moment where she thinks that she maybe wished they should have like a brush with death just to keep things interesting. So, she names this event where somebody’s wagon fell over and trapped somebody beneath it and then the students have to roll the dice to figure out exactly who it is. Then the person who’s wagon fell over ends up being this girl named Katie. Then Katie comes to the front of the class and then the teacher asked her to roll the dice to figure out whether the wagon fell on her or something like that, or whether her leg gets infected. Whether she’s going to be okay. The ultimate out of those couple of possibilities ends up being that her leg does get infected because of it and she does get worse. So, the teacher kind of anticipated that it would actually get that far and she was kind of thinking about how she might receive a phone call or something because of parents that was told about their child had died on the Oregon trail in class and they’re inflicting trauma on the child or whatever. But then this other girl named Alice in the class who was assigned to be a doctor and stands up and comes to the front and says, “I’m a doctor and then like – thankfully, that prevented any further bad possibilities from happening. They rolled the dice again. Alice was able to heal Katie. So, it’s a good ending. Also, earlier in the story, it mentions that they have to go – teacher takes the kids around Manhattan because that’s where the school is. She just kind of demonstrated that the pioneers in the Oregon trail walked for a really long time. So, they walked 40 blocks which is about two miles, which is a lot for nine-year olds as the teacher mentions. Then back to the brush with death. What Katie does say is that, she just keeps saying that she almost died on the Oregon trail. Everybody is just so happy that she was able to survive. Then towards the end of the story, the teacher mentioned it actually runs into ninth grade Katie on Broadway. They haven’t seen each other. The first thing that Katie says to her teacher is, “Remember when I almost died on the Oregon trail?”  