The story is about the main character of the story, his name is Joe Matson, or Joseph is his full name. The story begins in his house and the conversation between him and his sister, Claire or Clara. They’re talking about Joe’s baseball career. He currently, at that moment in time, he had played for the Central League team, a Central League team. He receives a letter that details the possibility of him getting drafted to a Major League team in St. Louis, the St. Louis Cardinals, Nationals. He receives a letter detailing this from a manager, and he’s telling his sister Clara about it, who’s also a big baseball fan. So, Joe is making his living playing baseball, and he is excited at the prospect of making more money from being on a Major League baseball team. He concedes that it’s not the best Major League baseball team, but it’s definitely a step up from where he is now. So, he’s in the living room opening this letter, and there’s also another letter that falls to the ground. The story comes back to that in just a moment.
While he’s talking to Clara about the baseball letter, he’s demonstrating how to - he’s doing a baseball action and swinging his arm to pitch, because he’s a pitcher. His mom walks in the room at that exact moment with a pitcher of water for the plants. He, Joe, knocks over the pitcher in his mom’s hand on accident, while he is pretending to pitch a baseball. The water pitcher falls in the ground and cracks, and Joe has to mop off the water. Also, before that, in the very beginning of the story and it’s something about Joe’s father, but they don’t really come back to that, so it never really gets answered what exactly happened with his father. He is not mentioned in the rest of the story. 
He tells Clara and his mom about the baseball opportunity, and his mom remarks about how, as long - she is not incredibly happy what Joe is making, or isn’t particularly fully satisfied that Joe is making his living off of playing baseball, but she still supports him and believes that as long as he’s doing – he’s trying his best, that’s all that matters. After that, also, his mom remarks something about how, at least, the jar that Joe broke wasn’t the good jar. So, he’s definitely the central figure in the story and doesn’t seem to do any wrong. 
Then the story picks up on the letter that dropped to the floor. So, this is the second letter. The first letter was about baseball. The second letter is from a girl that Joe is interested in, but who is also a friend. So, it’s from this girl named Mabel. Clara has never met Mabel, but Mabel’s writing to Joe, in this very girlish handwriting that gets marked upon in the story, and is writing that her and her brother, Reggie, are going to be visiting the town that Joe, Clara, and their mom live in. Also, earlier in the story, it’s mentioned that it’s snowing outside. So, Joe reads the letter and finds out that Clara and Reggie are going to be in his town. They’re arriving on a train that day, and so he says - so he wants to go down to the train depot and greet them, and then he asked Clara if she wants to come with him, she says, “No. The snow is too much - too much snow.” He goes down to the depot and asks about the train. They tell him that the train is snowed in. It probably won’t arrive for a couple of days because it’s still on the tracks, and he is upset about this. 