Okay. So, in the story, we have a kid that’s attending Fordham University and he is doing journalism and writing for the school newspaper. As part of the newspaper, he is obsessed with the fact, I believe, that Fordham - that the school is going, like the dean is making a thing where only the - they’re raising the cost of tuition, so only like rich people can attend the school and he doesn’t like that. So, he asked the dean a question like, “Why are you raising the tuition?” and at the same time, some guy called Pie Man comes out of nowhere with a pie and pies the guy in the face the dean. He pies the dean in the face. He writes about that for the journal, in the journal of the school newspaper. Then, he publishes it on the school newspaper. Then, after that, it gets attraction. Pie Man writes to him saying, “Hey, we meet at the school library at 2:00. Pie Man.” So, then the main character goes to meet him at the school library, and then this girl, Sheila, I think was her name, Sheila is also like the dean’s favorite student. Like she’s really into school spirit and like people say the dean likes her. So, whatever it is, all of a sudden Sheila is at the school library and then Pie Man comes again and pies Sheila in the face. He gets a picture of Pie Man and he posts it again on the school newspaper and then goes on the school newspaper.    
Then, we go on a couple of days later, he’s at a bar and some girl he likes comes up to him and asks, “Hey, are you Pie Man?” At first, he says, “No. I’m not Pie Man.” But then, I think he confirms, he says at the end because he wants to go out with the girl, “I am Pie Man.” The girl is like, “Cool. Buy me a drink?” So, that was pretty much the essence of the story or summary. Again, there are some more details I don’t totally recall but     
All right. Any more details I have, other fact, yes, so the whole premise was they’re raising the tuition and I guess the main character thought that’s unfair that they’re raising tuition for some people that he had to work on part-time jobs. He’s really passionate around journalism and one of the messages was that, in general, they make up the news, like fake the news. I guess that could be slightly evident by the way they spin the story of like the dean is wrong, like you don’t see both sides. But, this guy drew the Pie Man. He wanted to show the message that the dean was bad and wrong, and like education should be available for everyone, like it’ll lower cost than see these few rich people.  All right, that’s it.