Okay. So, the story starts with the student at Fordham University who is studying to be a journalist. He writes or works for the school newspaper, the Ram. So, he's at some event at Fordham when one of the deans, Dean McGowan, I think. He sees this Dean approaching. He wants to go up to him to ask him about the upcoming raise in tuition that's way above inflation price. So, he goes up to him and he asks the question, but before the Dean gets a chance to reply, somebody comes up to the Dean with a cream pie and basically smashes his face with a pie. So, this student who had asked the question, and being a journalist, went up to the Dean, after giving him, he said he gave him a couple of moments. Then he went up to the Dean and said, “Do you care to comment about this assault?” or something, I think that’s what he said. The Dean said, “Yes, I have a comment. Fuck you.” Then, the narrator runs to his editor, and he tells him the whole story. After he tells the whole story, the editor says, “Dean McGowan,” I think his name is McGowan. I’m just going to call him McGowan. “Dean McGowan, what a dick. Write the story. So, the narrator starts writing the story. He said, he now knew that it was really good and if you wanted to make it better, so started making up stuff. He specifically said, “This is what journalists call making shit up.” So, he showed it to the editor. It was titled, I think it was titled Cream Pie Man.  The editor says, “I love it. Page one.” So, he publishes it and then this narrator whose story kind of starts circulating, becomes a hit. He gets a text or some kind of message from this guy who's pieing people's faces or somebody else, but this person texts him saying, “If you want to see the next person being hit with a pie, go to so-and-so location on steps.” So, then the narrator talks about student body president, I forgot her name, it starts with an A, but anyway, he basically started saying that she is in league with the dean, this horrible dean. That there's a big rumor going around that she sleeps with the dean. He says she spent a lot of time with him over his desk. So, pretty insinuating. What did she do? Oh, yes. She worked with the Dean to ban outside drinking of beer, so something, drinking beer at a barbecue outside part of the campus. The narrator seemed to be opposed to that and he took a crap to boo her, or somewhere like that. So, anyway, he shows up, and the student body president gets cream pie on her face. Then, he writes another story. It's another hit. I think fast forward, he's at a bar. I feel like I’m missing something in between there, but I'll come back to it when I remember.  He's at a bar with this girl – or no, he’s there and he sees this girl. I think her name was Angelina, Angela or something. It was a girl he's been flirting with for two months. He says we've been flirting for two months but then he corrects himself and says, “Well, I've been flirting with her for two months.” He was drinking at the bar, and he feels a tap on his shoulder and it's her and she asks him, she says, “I've seen that you-”, she was like, “I was just talking about you with my friends. We were wondering how you always seem to know where this Cream Pie Man is going to be.” Because he had written, I think he said he had written five stories by then about this guy. She said, I wanted to know, “Are you the Cream Pie Man?” He said to us, narrating, he said, “The way she asked it, I knew that if I said yes, she'd have sex with me.” So, he keeps narrating he says, “Obviously, I'm not the Cream Pie Man. I don't know who he is. I've only seen him in a costume,” and just going back something I remembered. He said that in his next paper after the student body president, he said that, I couldn't see it because it's just audio but he was describing to the crowd how he made up something in the paper about how this guy was running away in his costume. Anyway, back to the present. So, basically, yes, he tells this girl that he likes or that he's been flirting with, “Yes. I am.” She says, “Great. Now buy me a beer.” That is - or, “Let's get a beer,” something like that. So, I think that’s the end of the story.  