I guess I'm supposed to be talking. I can't really tell if it's recording anything. Okay, so clearly, there is a comedian on the stage telling the story about how she was a fourth grade – not fourth grade - she was elementary school teacher and she was teaching her class about the Oregon Trail, but before she starts teaching her class about the Oregon Trail, she talks about how her kids are not able to be intuitive or get into perspective, have the perspective of the people on the trail and they’re not going to understand and everything she does is a game. So, she makes these games up for her kids and she explains how she's also a bad teacher and she's not really good at it, but this is the job that she picked. 
So, she comes in to class and she tells her kids they’re going to do the Oregon Trail and she makes a joke about, “Okay, now, I'm going to have to walk 40 miles to really know how it feels to be on the Oregon Trail,” but she doesn't actually walk 40 miles. She gives all the kids different names of people that she's researched have died on the Oregon Trail, which is just morbid, and she gives them the people's first names, she makes up last names, and they start walking and one of the kids explains how he would never walk. He would get in the cart and ride because he would never have to walk that far, then she tells him they’re not allowed to ride in the car. Only sick people are allowed to ride in the car, supplies or something else, sick people’s supplies and something else or old people. 
So, they head off on the Oregon Trail, then she decides to give everybody a job on the Oregon Trail. So, she tells the kids to pick a job that they want to be on the Oregon Trail and all of the girls wanted to be singers, so she tells them that's not possible. They have to pick something that was actually a job in - what was it, 1600s or 1800s? So, they all pick something different. He remembered what the little boy wanted to be. One little girl just happens to be walking next to the train. I know there's a doctor in there somewhere. One little girl rolls something and she trips and falls. I lose my attention somewhere in there and I have to bring myself back to the story, but the girl trips and falls and is ran over by the wagon wheel and she keeps asking her, and my dad, when she was - it runs over her leg and her leg is infected and she might die, and she keeps saying, “Well, did I die?” 
So, they tell her to roll the dice and see if she gets a six, she dies, but if she rolls anything else, she lives. So, everybody's anticipating that she rolls and then she rolls the dice. Well, she shakes the dice in that special way, whatever that means like, “I'm going to make it happen,” and one of the other kids tells her, “No, you should shake it again.” So, she shakes it again and then she finally rolls and then she rolls a three and the whole class is super happy and ecstatic and jumping and cheering like it was the Apollo space mission and she gets to live. I can't remember if it was before or after that, but one of the kids goes – no, it was before, “Oh, wait, I'm a doctor.” So, she comes over and she also looks at her leg and she goes, “I know how to fix that,” and the little girl lives.
So, they keep going on the Oregon Trail. They make it in record time - what else - faster that the pioneers would have ever made it. She was very proud of her kids for making it down the Oregon Trail. What else? What else? 
So, she goes back to the audience because she was on the stage she says, “And that's how I taught my class about the Oregon Trail and it was a wonderful experience, blah, blah, blah,” and then later on in life or recently, she sees one of her students who's now 11 years old and she looks exactly like how she looked before, but stretched and she said says, “The student is on Broadway,” and the little girl says, “I remember you,” and she says to the little girl, “Yeah, I remember you,” and little girl says, “I remember the Oregon Trail. You taught us about the Oregon Trail.” What does the little girl say? The little girl says, “You almost killed me,” or, “You tried to kill me on the Oregon Trail. How could I ever forget?” Then she says more stuff, which I also can't remember because it was just strange because she kept repeating the same things over and over again, but I don't remember what else she said. 
- End of Recording - 