I hope this is recording. Basically, the story starts off with this teacher just talking about how she teaches the third grade. So, at the end of the year, one of the last things they were going to learn was about the Oregon Trail. So, the way she usually teaches her class, it's very interactive. It's very collaborative, and it's usually always immersive, so the students are in the story to understand what it feels like. For example, she mentions how she had a whole puppet show for one of her - one of the topics that she taught previous to this Oregon Trail thing. So, she did that. Then basically, she set up this whole elaborate thing to help prepare them for this Organ Trail, immersive experience because - the reason she's doing this is mainly because - this is a very serious topic and it's not necessarily something you can do in a funny or very lighthearted way, especially because of the morals and complexities of the Oregon Trail and the western expansion and all of that. So, to prep, one of the first things she did was take them on a 40-block walk in Manhattan and this was along the west, on the west side, on the west highway near that and everything. It was really nice sunny day out. They had walked 40 blocks for about two miles. On the way there, one of the students asked if they could get water. I think it was Alex Bacon, who she mentions a lot in this story. Alex Bacon, and he asks, “Oh, can we get water? We see a water fountain.” He's very thirsty. She's just like, “Well, in the Oregon Trail, they didn't have water just available and water bottles or water fountains.” Then she thought again, and because she realized that she didn't want to get an angry phone call from her parents saying, “Oh, you kept the water for my kid.” So, she's like, “Ah, look, you found a stream.” So, then they all drink water. 
Also, as part of preparation for this immersive experience about the Oregon Trail, they also got to choose names and profession. So, all of them had to have like very British sounding names, I will say or I guess early colonial period and times names, like Bacon, Chapman and all those kinds of names. So, they got to choose their name. They also got to choose a profession. So, one of the issues that first came up was that a lot of the girls will say they want to be pop stars and she was like, “There were no pop stars on the Oregon Trail.” She was like “You have to choose something a little bit more serious and that's more appropriate for the time period it was in.” So, she was like, “In the 1800s, there was farmers and a few doctors and stuff like that.” So, they chose it based on that. Then I believe she started the Oregon Trail on the first day. She put on a bonnet and she was a character named Mary, Mary something. I don't remember what. On the first day she created – well, first of all, the entire experience is supposed to be a game. So, the game is she described as dangerous because Alex asked “Oh, is it going to be a game?” She said “Yes, a dangerous game.” To help add to the intensity and seriousness of the game - of the situation, historically speaking. This dangerous game is based on chance, and she said it's combination of a video game called The Oregon Trail and, and Dungeons and Dragons with rolling dice. So, she walked in the first day, put on her bonnet, and then basically, she was like, “All right.” I don't remember fully what, but I do recall that they rolled die and they determined what was going to happen that day and she had all these scenarios ready. I think one of the first ones I remember was the whole snake oil, snake oil man thing, where this man was selling snake oil. So, she gave them all an opportunity to buy it or not. They've rolled dice and if they rolled it, everyone was like, “Ooh, I really want…” They were all really excited about everything dangerous. At the start of every single day, they'd always like “Are we going to die?” 
In the story, the first day they did - I don't think she actually explicitly stated it, but throughout the days, she mentioned like, “Oh, they learned how to make a canoe to get across the water” or some kind of boat raft building. Then they rolled the die to see like “Oh, who built the raft?” or if they were going to pay a sailor or someone to sell them across the river or body of water. Then they rolled the dice and they all – they chose to build the thing for the – they built it themselves and then they all rolled the dice to see if their ship will float or sink. Then there’s another one, where it was this snake man oil which is equivalent of a conman, but obviously these third graders didn't know what that meant, snake oil man or whatever it was called. Because to them just like taxes, it could be something they just don't know. Right? So, she rolled the dice and it's like, she said, “You can buy it from him. If you do, it's supposed to give you extra strength and agility and all these abilities, superpowers kind of, in a way.” So, obviously, all these ninth graders or third graders, sorry, were very excited to be doing this and always like, “Is it dangerous? Is it dangerous?” They thought “Yes, why not?” So, they buy it, and they roll the dice to see if it gives them boost and on, obviously no matter what they rolled, it was not going to give them abilities because it was a con. She was like “Actually it was a con” and they all started throwing up, throwing a day and they lost an entire day of time to travel. Then the next day or I don't know what time after, there was another one where Katie, a student. she was a farmer, and they had this day - they came in she was like, they started the classes always “Is someone going to die today?” She's like, “Well, we'll see there is a broken carriage, and someone is trapped underneath it. Who is it going to be?” So, they all roll and then Katie is the one who gets chosen. So, Katie comes into the class. She’s very, very small, very young, very, very short sounding has like a raspy voice. She sounds like a three-year-old who smokes a pack of cigarettes, and she is like, “Oh gosh, am I going to die?” So, she rolls, and they lift up the thing and they find out that she survived but her legs are infected. Then the teacher was having this worry that she has taken this too far, but the kids were all cheering. They were all like, “Oh, my gosh.” So, they were talking about this. They had been talking about this for days. Everyone in the school knew about it. 
Anyways, so she rolls the dice again to see if - well, actually she didn't - they didn’t know what to do at this point. She had nothing else planned. Then she's like, Katie asked the teacher, “Am I dead?” She didn't know how to respond because she didn't plan this far ahead. Thankfully, someone did, another student was like, “Wait, I'm a doctor and came up to the room.” She was like, “Okay, great. Thank god.” I don't have to deal with that. Then she was like, “Katie, you will survive as long as you don't roll a six, if you roll a six you will die.” So, she rolls, Katie rolls and everyone's on the edge of their seat, holding their breath, unsure what's going to happen, and Katie rolls a three and everyone is cheering just like when Apollo 13 landed. Excuse me, just like when Apollo 13 landed. They're all hugging each other and Katie and the other girl who's a doctor, her name I can't remember as Ellie or Ella or something like that is also hugging. Everyone's just super, super happy. Then the teacher is just like, “Oh,” like in her head obviously is like, “Oh my gosh, we still have 720 miles to go. This is a long way.” Then the next thing that's up ahead that was mentioned was like, “Oh, what are we going to do today?” She'd be like, “Oh”, she'd write a letter each night to prep the kids or read them the day of what they're going to be facing. The next dangerous thing was the Rocky Mountains. The deadliest and most dangerous thing we could do. I don't know if that was before or after the carriage thing. 
Basically, then they finish at the end and they're playing, they're having a little pizza party or class party with September playing in the background, which isn't historically accurate, but For Oregon Trail, that's where she wanted to be. They were all very, very happy and it was a good time. Just to go back to one point was that I remember also that - also not walk they did in Manhattan where they walked 40 blocks on the west, end highway. One of the students asked, “Oh, I wouldn't actually walk. I would just ride the carriage.” She was like, “Actually, no, the carriages were only meant - especially they were not meant for children. They were actually only meant for the sick.” So, that was interesting. Anyways back to this. So, now we're at the end of the Oregon Trail, the Oregon Trail finished. So, the other day, I don't know how long ago this actually was, but she was walking on Broadway, and she sees Katie and she recognizes Katie because she looks the exact same just really stretched out and Katie instantly recognized her and so they walk up to each other. The first thing Katie says is “Do you remember when I died?” or “Do you remember when I almost died.” They hug and Katie's in ninth grade now. Yes, that's everything, I think, I remember. I'm done.