Okay. The speaker’s name is Kayla, who’s telling the story, and she grew up in Providence, Rhode Island. Her family, I don’t know their last name, but they lived really close to the Kennedys, so she’s just - in the beginning, she kind of says that a couple years after - maybe ten years after the assassination of JFK, of John F Kennedy when he got assassinated in 1963, on 22, ‘63, I believe. It was 10 years later, and she was in the car with her sister and her dad, and she heard it on the radio, “Oh, John F Kennedy, 10 years since he died,” and she’s like, “I started crying. I don’t know, like our life was so connected to them because our family was like a couple houses, miles, feet away.” They were just really close, like their whole lives revolved around the Kennedys’ lives because they were kind of like celebrities. It was funny because then her sister was like, “Oh my god, Kayla’s crying.” I think her sister’s name is Erin or Eric or Kevin. There’s a couple names. So, her dad turned around and had tears in his eyes too like, “Don’t you ever feel ashamed about crying about that man.” So, she continues the story and she recalls that she would go out with her four aunts every summer. I think there was Aunt Pat, Aunt Gert, there was Aunt Momo. I don’t know if she mentioned the name of the fourth aunt, and one of them was Uncle Al, who was married to Uncle Al. She said they would all go to a part of the beach where the Kennedy Compound was and her four aunts’ would get their beach chairs out, and then she said they would like put sunscreen on the back of their necks, the back of their hands and the tops of their feet, and they would put their chairs out. While the kids, her cousins and her, would like all play in the water, they would just spy with binoculars on the Kennedys. They said the beach chairs weren’t facing the ocean, they weren’t facing the sun to tan, they’re right facing a direct angle towards the Kennedy Compound. They had binoculars. They would just talk and chat and gossip about like, “Oh, this person was widowed,” then the whole Kennedy family. Then, this happened and like, “Oh, and then this person must be this old, and then they must know how crazy that she’s a widow now. Oh, the kids, how’s Jackie? Poor Jackie.” They were always busy watching, so Kayla and I believe her cousin Kevin, I think that one was Kevin, were playing in the water and they found kind of an inflatable plastic boat or something. The aunts would have seen this, but they were too busy spying, like craning their necks. So, she and her cousin, they got in the boat, or whatever this excuse for a boat was, and they ended up getting caught in a riptide, like pushed out to sea. They were like, “Oh, we see the ferry.” I don’t remember what the name of that ferry was, but it was a ferry that was going to some island. They’re like, “Oh, we can see the faces of the people on this ferry,” and they hadn’t realized they were that far away from the shore, her and her cousin, Kayla and her cousins. It was like, “Oh, wow, this is bad. What do we do?” Then, powerboat, which I guess is kind of like a high-powered engine fuel boat, doesn’t need oars, it has an engine, came by and it turns out that it was David and Michael Kennedy. I believe those are the sons of Jackie and John F K. I don’t know his full name. They pick them up and they put them in the powerboat, and they brought them back to the beach, back to shore. The aunts, they’re about to - the kid, Mikayla and her cousin, were both like, oh my god, we’re about to get be - we’re going to get so punished from just being misbehaving and stuff. She said that one of her aunts, I believe Aunt Pat is when she would scream or yell, she would just shout out people’s addresses for some reason, and then one of the other ones would say really nice things but in a passive aggressive but really aggressive way, and that was Aunt Gert. Her family yelled a lot, so they saw the kids coming back in the powerboat. The aunts were getting riled up and ready to yell at them and just give them a piece of their minds, but then they saw that they were with the Kennedys, like two of the Kennedys, Michael and David. So, they kind of put on their smiling faces. They’re like, “Oh, how nice to meet you. Oh, thank you so much. Oh, give our best to your grandmother,” and they put on - they said that it was like an accent somewhere between like Katharine Hepburn and the Queen of England. They got all prim and proper for the Kennedys because it’s the Kennedys, that’s like their whole life. That’s where they just were spying on. They said thank you, and then the Kennedys went back to the compound. They punished Mikayla and Kevin. They said, “You can’t go in the water,” but it was really hot, so they sat there on the beach and they’re dying or sweating, used all the sunscreen. Then, they were like, “Can we please go in the water?” They’re like, “Fine. You can go back in the water, but only up to your knees.” Mikayla and Kevin were playing in the water and they’re like, “Oh, this is boring. It’s great, we’re cool, we’re not dying of heatstroke, but we’re bored,” so they start having chicken fights. Chicken fights are when you go on somebody’s shoulders. There was only two of them though, so they’re pretty bored because there’s nobody to fight because you need four people to have a real chicken fight. So then, Kevin and Mikayla are playing. Then, her Uncle Al, which is one the aunts’ husband comes by and she said he never plays with them. He comes and he gets in the water, and he brings his daughter. I don’t remember her name, but they have a chicken fight. Then, I think Mikayla is on the top of Kevin during the chicken fight, and at one point, when they’re having a lot of fun, and then she kicks Uncle Al in the side of the head really, really hard. She was like, “Oh, shit this is bad. I hope I didn’t hurt him,” but what happens is that he just happens to have a fake eyeball, and it pops out and falls into the water and is swept away and sinks. So, she and her cousin, and even Uncle Al’s daughter, are freaking out because they didn’t know that their uncle had a glass eye. It looked like a real eye, and then even if they knew that he had eye, they would probably go blabbing to the neighborhood. It would be the gossip. Like everyone would know he had a glass eye or fake eye. So, he freaked out. You could see the empty eyelid with just the skin, the veins, the blood or whatever, and then she was like, oh, this is so bad. She’s like, oh my God, and the everyone was yelling at her. So, she kind of just backed away and she kind of was playing with the sand because she didn’t want to be facing towards people and annoying them and stuff. She was kind of just going through the sand, playing with rocks and stuff, and then she picked up the eyeball, like she found it. Because she’s 10 years old and she’s like, ew, fake eyeball. She had found it, but then she dropped it again because she was like, oh my God, ew. Then, people knew that it was accessible, so they had all of the aunts and a group of people that were there also at the beach in the water looking for the eyeball as well, until they found it. Uncle Al cleaned it off and popped it back in. All the aunts were yelling, and then everything was fine, like vacation resumed. Everyone was kind of watching Uncle Al pop the eyeball back in when everything was going on and stuff, like the aunts were still yelling and there’s all this commotion. Kayla looked down at the beach and she saw that David and Michael Kennedy had gone for a walk as well on the beach, and they saw this whole thing happening and they were watching this whole family drama of at least four aunts, three cousins, including Kayla, Uncle Al. That’s like eight people plus maybe some other people on the beach with the eyeball, finding the eyeball. Turns out, they were watching their family too. The irony is that maybe the other family would spy on her family, like the Kennedys would be spying on them as well just as much as they. I don’t know. It was really funny. I am done telling the story.