I think his name was Jim, something like that. He was a journalist. He’s saying like, “Oh, I was a journalist. It started when I was going to Fordham University.” I forget what year when he worked for like the Ram, which was the Fordham University newspaper. In the beginning of the story, he starts with saying that he heard that the Dean McGowan – it’s hard because it’s not written down. He talks about how Dean McGowan, he heard a rumor that Dean McGowan was going to raise the tuition so that people at Fordham were more upper class or upper middle class because they could pay that tuition, which means they would have a wealthy only portion of society at the school rather than normal tuition and giving the chance or the opportunity for education for more people of that status, that social status. So, he went to interview Dean McGowan when he saw him somewhere on campus, and then as he was asking this question, he’s like, “Hey, what are you going to do? Is this true that you’re going to raise the tuition across - beyond inflation a lot?” The dean’s about to respond - or I’m not sure if he said anything - and then somebody ran pass, but it was way too fast to see, but pied or cream pied, like when you’d smash it. Just like whipped cream, just cheap pie, and pied the dean in the face. So, Jim took this, and the Pie person ran away. They creamed the dean in the face, and Jim refer to this as a pastry attack and he ask as soon as the guy pied the guy in the face and then ran away, pied the dean in the face and then runaway, Jim was like, “Excuse me, Dean McGowan, how would you like to report this most recent attack?” Dean McGowan says, “Fuck you.” Then, Jim took this and ran with it and he says, “Okay, let me bring it to my boss who is going to go on to win a Pulitzer Prize apparently, at the Ram newspaper.” He’s like, “Yo, this just happened.” Then, they said that he could publish it as a story there, like page one. They’re like, “Publish it.” He took it and he kind of embellished the story, and he said, “Oh, this caped crusader, Pie Man, just pied the dean in the face.” He was like gave him, but he gave him a cape, he gave him a catchphrase, which was [Foreign Language] or something. It was “I am not a beast”, which he just made up because he knows some Latin, and it doesn’t completely make sense because you’re talking about an animal, but he’s literally pieing people in the face. Then because he publishes it and he’s like, “This Pie Man, this was the Caped Crusader,” he sends it out, he publishes it in the Ram, and then he gets the paper from - or gets a letter maybe from Pie Man like, “Be on these steps, be on this building, and I will strike again at 2PM,” or something. I don’t know what day, but he tells Jim where to be, because somebody’s taking on this Pie Man persona. So, Jim goes there. He has a photographer for the Ram, and he sees Pie Man, or whoever is being Pie Man, which is basically somebody or a persona he made up. The student body president, I believe, or it was like a woman, her name was Sheila, I believe, and she just gets pied in the face by Pie Man. But apparently, she bans like outdoor drinking on campus, which she thought that just was a bad taste, and she worked with the dean to get that banned. She was just kind of like a buzzkill. There were rumors that she and the dean were having an affair or something. Like Jim said that she was all over his desk literally. I don’t know. Jim said, “Okay, Pie Man pied her,” then he reported that, and then there were a couple other instances and people started making merchandise or dressing to come in class became a thing throughout Fordham. Then one time he was at a bar, and he likes this girl named Angela, who was in one of his classes. Her name was Angela Davis, and he had a crush on her. She probably didn’t know he existed, but he’s like, “I have been flirting with her for months. I’m not sure if she knew that I was flirting with her for months.” He said that she came up to him and she’s like, “Me and my friends were just talking about how you always seem to know when Pie Man is going to strike or where he is, what time, when. You’re always there,” and that’s probably because he’s getting letters from the person who’s being Pie Man and shouting the catch phrase and stuff like that. He’s like, “This is a very -” Jim thought to myself, “This is a very good opportunity for me to get laid, to have sex with this girl because she thinks I’m Pie Man,” so he said yes. He said, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” even though he’s not. We don’t know what happened next, but I’m pretty sure he got laid. I am done telling the story.