Okay, so the guy says the start of his journalism career was writing for The Ram, which was the student newspaper at Fordham University. He is walking on one day and he sees the dean come out and he rushes up to him and says, “Dean, care to comment on whether or not - the rumor is that you're trying to raise tuition prices to knock out working class and middle-class students and bring in more upper-class students.” The dean’s all like, “No. I don't want to comment about that,” and then out of the corner of his eye, the narrator, sees a little flash of light and this guy holding a cream pie  pies the dean in the face and then runs off. The guy stands there for a second and then he says, “Dean, care to comment on this most recent attack?” The dean says, “Fuck you!” Yes, so the narrator then goes back to the chief editor of the newspaper who’s like a senior at their school, and he tells him this story and he's like, “The dean, huh? I hate that guy. Run the story.” He types it up and he's like, “You know what, I'm going to embellish this a little bit by making a bunch of shit up,” which is not usually recommended but he's doing what he wants. He gives the guy a name, which is just Pie Man, capital P capital M, and says that he was wearing a mask and a cape, and after pieing the dean, he yelled in Latin [Foreign Language] or something. I don’t remember but it was “I am not an animal” in Latin, which was totally not true. Then he gave the editor the story and the editor was like, “Wow. This is great. It's going on the front page. I love the name Pie Man.” The story runs and then the narrator gets a letter, and it’s saying like, “Hey. If you want to see me in action again, come to the steps on Tuesday, 2:00 PM. I’ll strike again.” He goes up to the steps, and who did he see there but Sheila, what’s her name. Sheila is - he calls her well-bred and she's one of those upper-class people that the dean wants to keep bringing into campus, and there's even a rumor that her and the dean have been fucking. She was also in charge of getting into policy - I think she was the class president or something and she was in charge of this policy for no drinking on campus, so she was the “No beers at barbecues”  so everyone hated her. He sees her there and then of course comes running in the Pie Man, and he strikes again like he said. He's wearing the cake and he yells the [Foreign Language] thing or whatever. He goes back and he types up the story again and it’s a huge success again, and he ultimately writes five more stories - or five stories total I think he said about Pie Man. Yes, so then one night, he's going to a bar and when he's there, he sees his crush - his name I don't remember, I think it starts with a D – who he’s been flirting with me for two months and she hasn't really been interested. He wants to talk to her but he's like, “I don't think she knows who I am,” so he just goes to get a drink. She’s talking with her friends and then she comes over to him and she's like, “Hey, me and my friends were just talking and we're wondering how you always seem to know where and when Pie Man is going to strike next, and so my friends and I are wondering. Are you Pie Man?” He’s thinking about it and he's thinking in his mind “It’s probably not okay to lie to her and say that I am, but blah blah blah,” and then ultimately, he turns to her and he goes, “Yes. I am Pie Man.” She says, “Let me buy you a drink.” Yes, 