The narrator’s family had a sort of connection to the Kennedys because her family and the Kennedys were both Irish and she grew up in Rhode Island, which is very close to Massachusetts, which is where the Kennedys are from. She told the story about how when she was a little girl, her family was listening to the radio and they were talking about Kennedy’s death. She started to cry and her sister started to make fun of her, so her father pulled over and with tears in his eyes he said to her basically that her crying was justified. Then the narrator said that her parents also got married at the same church as Jackie and John F. Kennedy, and that her father got replicas of Jackie's jewelry for her mother for her wedding, and that every Sunday or every Saturday after church, her family would listen to Camelot. Her family's ideal vacation was going to Hyannis with her four aunts and her cousins, and they would vacation right across from the Kennedys house. Her aunts would position their chairs in such a way that they can see everything that was happening across at the Kennedys house, and they would take turns observing things and noticing things that were different. Her aunts would ask each other things like how old was I guess John F. Kennedy’s mom or Jackie's mom, and then they deduce by some logic how old she was. They were so distracted by the Kennedys that they didn't really pay attention to the narrator and her cousins so one day, they got bored, the narrator and her cousins, and they went out to the water and they got into this half-inflated boat. They ended up I guess being taken out by the current and they ended up being brought very far away from the house. Lo and behold, two of the Kennedys ended up – I believe one of them was named Daniel or Dylan or something with a D, and they ended up rescuing the narrator and her cousins, and they brought them back to the house. The aunts were very upset with the girls because of the fact they had drifted away but when they saw that it was two of the Kennedys that had saved them, their anger . The narrator talks about how one of her aunts has this tendency to start shouting out random details. For instance, the narrator said that she lived  or something and then her aunt would shout out random things like people’s addresses. The other aunt had a really bad tendency of when she got nervous or excited saying nice things in a way that was mean. For instance, she gave an example of how her aunt would say things like, “Oh, you eat your cake and I'll give you a birthday present,” or something like that. The Kennedys brought the girls back to their aunts and the aunts were huddling over them, and then Kennedys ended up going back to their home. Then the girls were banned from going in the water by their house. They had to go to the beach. They were at the beach one day and they were bored because they could only go into the water up to their knees, so then they decided to play a game of chicken. The narrator’s uncle who never participate in any games decided to join. Long story short, they were playing chicken and the narrator knocked the uncle in the eye really, really badly and his eye fell out. They were all staring at him in shock because they didn’t know he had a glass eye or a fake eye. The narrator’s cousins, who were the children of the uncle, were crying and then the aunts were yelling at the narrator. She started to search for the eye ball and she found it in the sand, but she got so excited that she ended up dropping it in the water again, but the narrator pointed out that this only cemented that the eyeball would stay afloat and it wouldn't really sink – well, it wouldn’t sink very far. It wouldn’t be washed away to sea. Her cousin ended up finding the eyeball about an hour later, and so she - oh, yes, and then narrator also talked about how in between not being able to find the eyeball, she drifted out to sea sort of, and then she was just wallowing on her own self-pity because she couldn’t believe what she did and her aunts and uncle made her feel so bad about it – and her cousins, but then after the eyeball was retrieved, she said the same two Kennedys that had rescued her were on the beach, taking a walk on the beach. The narrator also said that the aunts compared – the aunts were implying that what her and her cousins had done, being rescued by the Kennedys, was going to make their tragedy even worse. The Kennedys didn’t need more of a burden. I’m done.