The story starts off with the big brother, Joe, and his little sister, Clara, have been in conversation. I believe Clara was pointing out something in the newspaper about their father’s business, and I believe she was concerned about something whether or not their father’s business was going well or not. Joe said he didn’t know. I remember a part where he was just looking out and gazing at the window. Then, the conversation, then, went on to talk about Joe’s drafting in the baseball team. There’s a part where Joe was practicing his swing and his arm accidentally hit, I think, a jug of water when their mother, Mrs. Matthews, was walking inside to water some plants. Joe’s arm hit the water jug and that jug fell down to the floor and made a mess. Mrs. Matthews was crying and concerned about how the carpet or the floor would be ruined.
Then, after that, the conversation just went on talking about, or after that point, Joe opened one of the letters talking about his draft in the Pistons team, I believe, Pittston’s or Pistons team. steppingstone talking about how this was sort of a steppingstone for him from just being in the Pittston’s team. I think going on to possibly being on the St. Louis team, and then hopefully, then on to the New York Giants team. I think I remember him talking about earning more money if he were to be a part of the Pittston’s team earning more money and fame. Then, Clara sees another letter, a square, having a letter in Joe’s hand and asked Joe, “What is that letter?” “What’s in the letter?” Joe teases Clara. I think he teases Clara and says he doesn’t know, and then opens it. Oh, he says something about – he teases Clara saying that it’s probably one of his admirers or something like that. So, then finally, he opens the letter and it happens to be from their friends, Mabel and Reggie Marley. I believe the letter said that they were coming into town. They are coming into town just to visit, I guess, for business. I’m not sure. Then, Reggie, no sorry, Joe asked Clara if she would like to come with him to the train station to go pick up their friends, but Clara says, “No, not in this snow storm,” because of the snow storm. So, Joe goes ahead down to the train station and talks to the station master who said that the train has stalled. Joe is concerned and he says, “I have friends on that train.” The train, rather the station master says something about the train being deep in snow. I think that’s about it.  