The story is about this brother named Joe and his sister named Clara. Joe gets two letters. He gets two letters. One is like from his original baseball team and the other one is from his new baseball team. He’s, right now, in the minor leagues, I think. One of the letters is from the major league, St. Louis Cardinals. I think that’s what it is. I’m assuming Pittsburgh. So, the first letter is them saying that like he’s going to be dropped or something from the team. Clara just said, “This is a bad thing.” But then he is saying that - Joe thinks it’s not a crazy, bad thing because he has another offer, but the offer is not set in stone because the manager said like, “Oh, they’re trying to set up what they want to do with him.” It seems like Clara is very concerned about him, his brother. So, Joe tells her not to worry that he would be able make money because his new job, he would have to be able to easier make more money. He’d be a professional athlete. 
Then, suddenly, Mrs. Maddison comes in and she was carrying something. He moves his arm and he shatters it or something. Then, I guess, it was very sudden like they both screamed. The woman, Clara and Mrs. Maddison are very concerned. Then, they talk about how like, “Oh, he has two letters.” He’s going to jump from one team, but he’s going to try get another job on another team, and how he has to do a lot of research regarding what to do and how to be really good on those teams so he’d like to become as good. Then, I really forgot everything else. But then he goes on a trip driving his car to the depot or the train station, whatever, to pick up this girl that he likes and his friends. He really likes her and he wants to be able to surprise her or like show her that he’s a professional athlete and all that stuff. But then he finds out that he can’t go because there’s a huge storm. They explain that there’s a huge storm and that to be careful. That there’s a huge storm and that they won’t be able to come. Yes, he’s very upset about that.  
 Is there anything else in the story that I remember? Maybe not in order, but he thinks about his career, his baseball career to improve his batting average. I don’t remember what position - I think he’s a pitcher, I think, but I don’t remember much. Yes. What else did they say about Clara and Mrs. Maddison? Joe? At first, I guess, at the beginning, that was like his father, the mail, but it wasn’t his father. He said that it was the manager of St. Louis Cardinals. He has two letter and he kept both letters on them when he went to pick up the girl at the train station. Yes,  