So this story was about a man named Joe Madison. It starts off with him speaking with just his sister and he basically told her that he had some news and she exclaimed, “Oh, is this about dad’s business?” And he laughed and said, “No.” He seemed to be on a minor league baseball team, at least temporarily, that he was just doing part-time while he worked a normal job, and at some point, the mom of Joe and his sister comes in and she asks him what’s going on and then he lets them know that he was being considered or being drafted for a minor league baseball team, so he was going to be going from a part-time position into a full-time position. I can’t recall where they live currently, but I believe he was getting drafted for the St. Louis Cardinals.
He said it wasn't one of the top baseball options, but it was really great that he'd be able to be moving from the minor league into the major league and he would be able to start doing that full-time for work. His mom said she didn't think that this was something that he would be able to do career-wise long-term, but she was excited for him if he was able to do this for a job. She was concerned about the fact that he was being drafted even though that's just general baseball language, so she said, “Is it like being drafted to the war?” And he and his sister kind of laughed and said, “I mean, kind of.” His contract with the minor league basically said that they have to commit or submit to the major league team so he doesn't really have a choice in leaving, but it’s a lot different because he’s obviously not going to war for baseball or anything like that.
So then that made her feel a little bit better, but she was again kind of concerned that he didn't have any choice in where he was going and that he would just get drafted. He continued to read the letter in a little bit more detail and it told him nothing was really a done deal yet at this point, but they were definitely considering him for the position. His mom said that his major league coach had probably recommended him and she said he ought to basically be sorry that he was going to be losing Joe - his coach was losing Joe - because he's like the best pitcher on the team.
He kind of laughed and said, “Well, surely that's not the case. I'm sure they'll be fine with me, but again, nothing at this point anyways is a done deal for the position so we don't have to worry about it yet.” He did look outside and see that it had started snowing so he was a little bit excited to go to St. Louis. I’m not sure if that was because it was going to snow less there, that's what he was excited for or what. He did also get another letter in the mail that his sister told him to open in front of them and he joked and said it was one of his many admirers. So he looked over the letter and realized it was actually from someone that he knew and they were going to be in town and they wanted to visit. The sister was excited and said, “Oh, I can't remember what the person's name was, but… [Pause] I can’t remember what her name was,” but the sister said that she wanted to come visit and it seemed that Joe had a little bit of a crush on whoever the girl was and the sister said that he didn’t have any normal interests in the girl and he had more than just general interest in her and her well-being, and her and her brother were coming to visit for something else that was going on in town.
So she wasn't coming specifically to visit him, but he was definitely interested in seeing her. Again, it was snowing, so he had decided to leave because they were taking the train, so he went to the train station to meet up with them there. When he got to the actual train station, it was still snowing and the conductor or whoever was working at the train station told him that one of the trains had been delayed because it was stuck in the snow. He asked which train it was and then discovered that it was his friends train that was delayed, and then he kind of pondered and wondered himself what he could actually do to help them, and then the story ended.