The story begins with the main character, Joe, coming home and telling his sister that he has some news and at first, when he is describing him the news and the situation, it is very vague and all he says is that he has a letter in the mail and he's telling his sister Clara. Clara is worried that the news has to do with their father's business, and while Joe is talking about the news he has, he's being very vague, which leads Clara to being worried, but Joe soon reveals that it has to do with him and his baseball team. Clara is worried that the news has to do with him being off the team, and Claire remarks that it's unfortunate that he got off the team because he had such a good contribution to the team, but Joe reassures her and tells her that he wasn't really kicked off, but he does remark that it's unfortunate that he won't be able to play on the team anymore. While he's remarking this, he talks about how he will have to make money now, and his sister asks like, “Oh, who's going to give you money?” Then Joe says, “Oh no, I have to earn my own money with my pitching skills.” Then what he does is I guess he does it at practice, he throws his arm back to mimic him pitching without a ball, and while he's doing this, his mother walks into the room with a jug of water because she wants to water some plants on the windowsill. While Joe is mimicking a pitch, he accidentally hits the water jug and the water jug cracks, water spills everywhere. Then so his mom - so Joe apologizes to his mother for breaking the water jug. His mom jokingly says, “Oh, at least I didn't bring the good water jug,” and then his mom asked like, “Oh, what are they talking about?” Then Joe says, “Oh, it has to do with my baseball team. I'll tell you about it now.” He goes on to explain that his team has drafted him into the St. Louis baseball team, so his mother says, “Are you being drafted like it’s wartime? That's kind of weird. You have no choice in the matter?” Then Joe basically says, “Yes, that's what happened when I signed the contract. I don't really have a choice behind this. This is what I want to do. They have control over where I play unless I breach contract or unless they let go of me,” and his mother is supportive of this. She says, “Oh yes, I don't really like that you're making a career out of it, but you're doing really well from it, so keep going. If this is what you want to do, go ahead.” Then Joe talks about like, “Yes, the St. Louis team isn't that great, but it'll open up more opportunities for me. Hopefully, if I perform well in Missouri, then I'll be able to get a chance at playing with the New York Giants.” Then afterwards, he talks again with his sister and they talk about some of I think Joe's friends coming over, and they talk about how there's a big blizzard. Then the end of the story is a bit of a blur for me. 