Okay, so the story begins with Joe exclaiming “Hmm” or something like that as he's reading a letter that has just been delivered, and his sister Clara says, “What are you talking about?” He said something about there being a change in plans that he hadn't counted on. Joe's a pitcher for a local baseball team, and he tells Clara that he'll tell her later, and he's teasing her and winding up his arm as if he's going to pitch a ball, and Clara exclaims, “Watch out Joe!” but she's too late, and Joe’s arm that he's using to pitching around knocks into his mom who's bringing a pitcher full of water into the room to water some plants, and he knocks the pitcher out of her hands and it crashes to the floor and dumps all the water and breaks the pitcher.  There were cries from Clara and her mother, and she said, “Oh, my rug will be ruined.” Joe said something about, “Well, I can save you from a wedding,” or something like that and picked up another letter that was near the water and made sure it didn't get wet.
A little bit later, she's talking to his mom and his sister and is telling them the contents of the letter that he had opened earlier and said that he was being considered to move to another major league baseball team, the St. Louis Nationals in Missouri. Well, he said they were considering drafting him and his mom said, “That sounds like a wartime thing like when they draft soldiers. Does that mean you don't have a choice?” And he said, “I don't really have a choice, I signed a contract saying that I could be moved to whichever team when I signed on with this baseball team that I'm currently at, and I'm not complaining because I would like to go. I'm not finding fault in it.” His sister teases him about the other letter that looked like it had feminine cursive hand block letters on it or something like that, and she said, “Who's the letter from?” He said, “I'm not sure.” She said, “Oh, yes you are. You can tell.” He said, “Well, let me open. I can't tell until I open it.” So, he takes out his pocketknife and opens the envelope and tells her that it is Mabel, I think was the name of - a letter from Mabel who's a friend. She and her brother will be coming in on the train later that afternoon, and they hope to be able to see them when they're in town.
So, he invites Clara to go with him to the train station, but hopefully the train will be okay as he watched the snow coming down. Clara said, “No, I don't think I'll go with you in this storm.” So, he goes to the train station and said they can't really tell when the train will be there. They can't really see anything in this bad storm. and come back later and they'll give him details. So, he went later, and they said that he that would – the train guy said that the train was probably delayed for days, it could be the next day or two until it gets there. He said, “Has there been a wreck? I've got friends on that train.” The train guy said, “No, not a wreck. Almost as bad though. It's stuck up the hill couple of miles away.” And he said, “Great, Scott.” I think I'm done. 