So, this was told from the viewpoint of the social studies teacher who's going to like to do fun sort of games and exercises to help her kids learn. This was nine-year-olds I think, and she was teaching them about the Oregon Trail. She decided to do a game that was sort of a combination of the Oregon Trail online game and Dungeons & Dragons where you roll a dice to see what you get. So, what she did is she went and found names of people who have died on the Oregon Trail, and they could keep their first name, but the kids could each keep their first real first name, but they would adopt the last name of someone who actually died on the Oregon Trail. Then, she had them each select what their profession was, and many of the girls wanted to be pop stars, but she had to tell them there were no pop stars at that time. So, she told him a bunch of different professions to be, like farmer and doctor and different things like that.
So, one of the kids said, “So, is this dangerous?” and she said, “Yes, there's lots of danger on the Oregon Trail.” A kid named Alex said – who was kind of a smart Alex she said – said, “Well, will anyone die?” and she said, “Who knows? Lots of people died on the Oregon Trail. We’ll have to see,” and they loved feeling someone could die. So, they would roll dice and see what happened, and one time, she said that - Alex said something about that he wouldn't have to walk the Oregon Trail, he'd ride in a wagon. She said, “No, the wagons were saved for the elderly or someone who was sick, but they normally just carried all the supplies and things like pianos.” She said, “I’ve done my research,” and she wanted the kids to understand how hard it was to walk that long, so she had them walk 40 blocks. The school was in New York, and that was a couple of miles, and she said that one of the kids said that he was thirsty, and she was going to say there's no water. There aren’t fountains on the Oregon Trail, but the kids said, “Yeah, but there is a fountain here.” So, she said, “Oh, look lucky us. There's a stream, you can have a drink of water,” because she imagined the outrage that would happen if a parent said she withheld water from a fourth grader on their walk.
So, they got back, and everyone was tired and all of that after that, and then they rolled the dice and I guess one of the wagons hit a rock in the wrong way and it overturned, and someone was trapped beneath the wagon, and they rolled a dice to see who it was, and it was a little girl named Katie. She said Katie's one of those little kids who had a perpetually messy looking curly hair and a really deep  noise that sounded like she'd been smoking since birth. She rolled the dice to see if Katie was able to get out from under the thing, and she did. She got out from under the wagon, but her leg was crushed and then they rolled it in, then her leg got an infection. 
Katie said, “Am I going to die?” and the teacher realized she hadn't ridden past that because she didn't think they'd get that far, and she was worried about, “Oh, I can't have someone die and wasn't quite sure what to do next,” and a kid from the back said, “Wait, I'm a doctor!” So, the doctor came up and they rolled the dice to see if her leg gets healed and it did, and she said the kids were so happy when Katie didn't die. It was like the end scene of Apollo 13 or Apollo whatever with kids throwing papers up in the air and jumping up and down and hugging each other. She said that they ended up getting to Oregon way fast without many complications along the way because she really didn't like all that danger and they got there and they belt homesteads, made cornbread I think she said. 
Years later, she was walking along the street and saw Katie who is now in 9th grade, and she said, “I recognized her. She looked just the same except for stretched out and she recognized me,” and they hugged, and Katie said, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” And she said, “Yes, Katie. I do remember.” That's how the story ended. I'm done.