The narrator begins the story by talking about how he started his journalism career as a member of The Ram, which is the news - Fordham University’s newspaper. He said he saw Dean ,  exiting a building one day. This dean had been trying to make Fordham’s student body population overall wealthier and higher end than the traditional working-class students that they admitted. To do this, he was going to raise the tuition by much more than inflation to filter out the lower-class kids. The narrator went up to him with the intention of asking him about his policies, and he asked him a question, asked for a comment, and before he was able to get anywhere with the interview, he feels someone coming up behind him, and that someone is a kid with a pie in his hand, and he comes and smashes it in the dean’s face. The narrator proceeds to go, “Do you have any comments about this recent incident?” and the dean says, “Fuck you.” The narrator knows that the whole student body hates this dean, so he goes back to the chief editor of The Ram, who would go on to win a Pulitzer Prize in the future, and he says to him, “Can I write this story?” The editor agrees that everyone hates him, that they’ll love the story. So, he sits down and he starts embellishing the story. He says that the - well, he calls the guy, Pie Man, and he says he was wearing a cape, and he came, smashed the pie in the dean’s face, and as he ran away, he shouted a Latin phrase. A little while later, he gets an email or a letter or something from Pie Man himself saying that he liked his story, and if he wanted to see him in action again come outside this building where he was going to – well, he didn’t say what he was going to do, he says, “Come there.” So, the narrator showed up there and he sees the student body president, who is a girl, who was trying to ban beer on campus - ban alcoholic drinks on campus, so that - including barbecues and other events like that, and – so everyone disliked her. She’s the type of student that the dean wanted on campus. Sure enough, Pie Man came wearing his cape. He came, smashed the pie in the girl’s face, and ran away. The narrator explains that he, again, wrote another story about it, and in his story, he explains that he - whether or not the - Pie Man actually said the Latin phrase. He said the Latin phrase again.  I believe that’s where the story ends. Oh, no, it’s not where the story ends. Then he goes out drinking later and he sees this girl, Angela, who is in one of his classes, and he had been flirting with her for like three months, he said. She comes up to him and goes, “Hey, you’re the guy who keeps -–who seems to know where this Pie Man is all the time. Are you Pie Man?” He contemplates whether to say he is or not. He knows if he says he is, she’ll have sex with him. After a long deliberation, he comes to the conclusion that he’ll say yes, and he said, “Yes, I’m Pie Man,” and Angela goes, “Okay, good. Buy me a beer and tell me about it.” That’s where the story ends.  