The story began with two people, Joe and Clara, in their house reading the mail that have been delivered that morning. Joe had made an exclamation or had made a noise, and Clara inquired about it. He let her know that he might be leaving his baseball team at the Central Baseball League, and she was worried that he had been let go. He was being a bit vague about it, but he was he was saying it was a good thing. He had gotten to swinging his arm around, his pitching arm around, and it was right at the same time as his mother, Mrs. Madison, came in with a pitcher of water to water the flowers in the window box, and he accidentally broke the pitcher and spilled water everywhere. He had to save the letter from the floor so it wouldn't get wet. Then he cleaned up all the pitcher pieces and the water on the floor, and then he told his mother and his sister more about the letter that he had gotten from Mr. Gregory, and what it was saying was that he had been drafted to a major league baseball team, the St. Louis Nationals. His mother was worried about what drafting means, and he was reassuring her that it was a good thing, that the small team he had been with before, he had knowingly signed a contract saying he couldn't go to any other team, and he had been okay with that, but the little teams do have to give way to the major league teams there. So, the major league team did draft him, and he was hoping it would lead to bigger things of playing for something like the New York Giants or Philadelphia team. He was going to go find out some more information about the batting averages or the stats, some of the baseball stats for the St. Louis Nationals. His sister wanted to know more about the other letter he had gotten, the one he had picked up off the floor that had girlish handwriting on it. So, he opened it up for her, and it was from Mabel Varley there, and he sort of pretended he was surprised or it sounded like he was surprised. His sister didn’t believe him, but the letter was about Mabel and her brother Regie. They were doing some traveling, and they would be coming to the town where Joe and Clara lives, that day, on the express train, and probably staying at the hotel and not staying with the Madisons. Joe decided to walk down to the station. He did invite Clara to come with him, but it was getting on towards being a blizzard, and so she decided to stay at home. He checked in with the stationmaster, and the stationmaster couldn't tell him anything at that time. Then, when he came back later on, that’s when the train was supposed to arrive, the stationmaster let him know that the train would not be showing up anytime soon because it had gotten snowed in in a pass or cut, about five miles away. He was real worried and trying to figure out what he could do for his friends. I am done