Okay. This story was about a third-grade teacher and she – the last lesson of the year, she wanted to teach her class about the Oregon Trail. She said that she usually likes to do really immersive lessons and try to make it, her lessons, interesting and fun, so she wanted to make her lesson on the Oregon Trail pretty interesting and fun and make it seem real and show them how real and dangerous it actually was. 
She first starts off making them walk. She takes them outside on a walk. She walks, I think, 40 blocks which is about 2 miles, which is a lot for the kids. Then she says – oh, and she also said before this to make it real that she is giving - all the kids got to pick real names from people that were on the Oregon Trail. They kept their first name but then picked like Ellis Chapman, and Chapman, I guess, was a real name of someone. 
So then, they’re on their walk and they’re going around the blocks just to simulate, I guess, Oregon Trail walking, and one kid says he’s thirsty and sees a water fountain. She says, “Oh, normally there weren’t water fountains on the Oregon Trail,” but then she improvises and is like, “Oh, yes, that’s a stream.” They all are able to get a drink from the stream then. 
Then she says, back in the class, she wants to make it more fun, so she makes it, combines it with like a D&D game, so it’s like the Oregon Trail game combined with D&D. For this, all the kids are excited and they’re like, “Oh, can anyone die?” She hadn’t really thought about that and she was like, “Oh, yes, of course someone can die,” and she doesn’t think it’s actually ever going to get that far. I guess she gets a little worried because she doesn’t want to get any notes from their parents about them dying in the class in their lesson. [Laughter] 
She says it’s going well.” Then they decided to ford a river – oh, and she talks about they meet a snake oil man and they all decided to buy the snake oil but it’s funny because they’re little kids, because they don’t know what snake oil is, kind of like they don’t know, even know what taxes are yet, and so they’re all surprised when they buy the snake oil and it does absolutely nothing. They ford the river, and then they’re at the Rockies, and I guess their wagon falls on someone or someone gets stuck under the wagon, someone’s legs do, and it’s the little girl Kate or Katie. I forget if it’s Kate or Katie. I guess she’s like a little innocent girl, and so she comes up and they have to roll if her – if she gets out, and I guess she does get out but her legs are infected so she has to roll again to see if her legs get healed or not, and she rolls again and her legs aren’t healed. So then, she asks the teacher, “Does that mean I die?” The teacher is getting worried about, “Oh, no, I’m going to be in trouble from parents. I killed off one of my students in a lesson plan game.” Then luckily, someone from the back goes, “Oh, but I’m Ellis Chapman. I’m a doctor.” Another student was a doctor on the wagon, so the teacher was like, “Oh, thank goodness.” They brought the doctor up and she said, “The only way she dies now if she rolls a six.” All the kids are really excited, and so Katie rolls and she gets a three, so she lives, and so her whole class is excited.
The teacher is now stressed out and doesn’t want to have any more dangerous situations even though the kids like the dangerous situations, so she says she, like Amazon Prime delivery, she gets them now to their final – to Oregon in two days. [Laughter] There’s no issues. Instead of like a dangerous animal, she says instead they see a cute baby animal that they now get to raise as their pet, and they roll and get a pet wolf, and so that’s how she made it not dangerous anymore. 
Then later on in life, or years later, she’s walking down the street and she sees Katie, the girl, but she says she’s now in, I think, like ninth grade. She looks the same, just stretched out, and she says she – they recognize each other and when they first start talking, one of the first things Katie says is, “Do you remember when I almost died in Oregon Trail?” [Laughter] Then that’s the end of the story.  