So, this story is told by a third-grade teacher and she is trying to teach the Oregon Trail in a very fun and thought-provoking and light way. She has set this up in a very elaborate way to help the children understand, actually, the gravity of the Trailblazers. So, one of the children, Alex, wants to know if it’s a game and indeed it’s a game. It’s a take on a simulation of the computer game Oregon Trail coupled with another game, I think Dungeons and Dragons which is a dice-rolling game, I believe, but the kids have printed names or she had downloaded names of actual people who died and so these were the people that the kids got to choose. They chose an occupation that they wanted to be that could be farmers or goldminers or doctors.
In order for the teacher to get them to understand how far these people traveled, she had them walk something like forty blocks in New York which was maybe the equivalent of two miles. So, the kids had some sort of exposure to how hard it was going to be for them. Most of what they encounter is kind of a – the luck is determined by the roll of the dice and so the teacher’s name is Mary and she’s the Wagon Train captain. Her student, one of her students asks if they could die, and Mary says sure. So, the kids are very excited by this prospect of death but they don’t know very much. So, one of the encounters they get into is with a snake oil salesman and the snake oil salesman has a tincture that’ll make them quicker and get through the trail faster.
Because the kids don’t know what a snake oil salesman is, they’re conned and they lose a day of traveling because they are sick and they throw up for the day. Even this, the kids thought this was quite funny. So, the children want to know what dangers lie ahead and each day that they meet for social studies, the kids want to know, “Is someone going to die today?” So, the teacher really had to think about this and wasn’t quite sure how she was going to handle the sadness of this inevitability. So, the teacher says to them, or answers to them that the Rockies lie ahead and yes, probably maybe something bad will happen. They roll the dice and the little person, the little student who picks the name, whose name is Catherine, has a problem.
The wagon she’s in hits a rock and the wagon gets overturned and she has to roll a dice to see who it is and it’s this little girl Catherine. She rolls another dice and she finds out her legs have been trapped and she rolls the dice again to find out if she’s free but the legs get infected. So, the teacher didn’t have any more solutions to this encounter with this overturned wagon, and she’s kind of struggling. Then, another little girl named Ellis chose the occupation of being a doctor. She said, “But wait, I’m a doctor.” She was able to roll the dice and because she didn’t roll a six which would have killed her, she rolled a three, the little girl was – the infection was cured. The doctor was able to cure the infection.
She just realized that the kids were just fascinated by the danger. One day presented the children with an animal in the wild being found, she didn’t know if it should be a dangerous animal or more of a domestic animal. They somehow agreed on it being a baby wolf, and they named it Yeni and they quickly got through the rest of the Oregon Trail and made cornbread and had a dance party. Several years later when the teacher actually ran into the Katie student, she said, “Remember when I almost died?” It was quite a cute ending. So, I’m done.