Okay. It has started recording. I see the microphone. Excuse me. So, it's a story about a woman who's a teacher. I'm not sure where she's telling this story, but she is speaking to a group of people, an audience somewhere, and she's telling them about how she teaches social studies to the third graders. I'm not sure how far in the past this was. Later on in the story, she catches up with one of her students, who's now in ninth grade. So, it's been several years. So, anyway. She's going to be teaching them social studies. So, she decides to add an interactive component, which is the entire class will play her own made-up version of Oregon Trail, like the computer game. So, everybody is a member of the Oregon Trail group that's traveling, and they all get made-up names. I forget how it starts. She's just talking about how she wants to do something creative and get the students involved, get them really interested. So, everybody gets their own made-up name, and she wants to find some balance between how realistic it can be but not get too dark, but she also wants to help them experience by teaching them what it was really like. So, at one point, she has them walk. I forget where they walk. Maybe just on the school grounds somewhere, but it's about two miles, and everybody gets back to the classroom hot and sweaty. Along the walk, one of the boys says he wants a drink, and there's a water fountain nearby. Well, first, the teacher tells him that there's no bottled water, I forget how she phrases it, along the Oregon Trail, but he says, “But there's a water fountain right there.” So, she has to think fast, and she comes up with saying that they found a stream and that they can all partake and drink from the stream because she didn't want to get in trouble with the parents for denying a child the ability to get a drink of water while they're out walking.
So, they get back to the classroom; they're all hot and sweaty. Then there's all kinds of shenanigans that happen along the Oregon Trail. She kept building up in the story where it felt like it was going to somewhere specific, which along the way – oh, the children are all very interested in what might happen along the trail, and they're excited by the possibility that somebody could die. So, at one point, she decides - because each day, at least one of the children will ask her, “Is somebody going to die today?” So, she realizes that she should deliver and give them some suspense like that. So, she comes up with a way that somebody could die. She combines the Oregon Trail rules with the rules of how to play Dungeons & Dragons, where you roll dice to be able to decide what happens next. Like if you roll a six, you die. That happens later. So, I think the girl's name is Katie. Each student has their own number. So, her number gets rolled, and she has to come to the front of the class. Her hair is perpetually messy, and the lady speaking says she has a voice like she's been smoking since she was three. She says this like this is a regular thing for some children to have, which I've never met children with smokers’ voices, but she's the teacher and she would know about that.
So, anyway. This child’s standing with her at the front of the class, and she's nervous about whether she might die, and the teacher is nervous. She came up with a scenario that would account for different possibilities, but she wanted to make sure that the child wouldn't die in the game, but they keep getting further and further where it turns out that it's possible that she could die. I think the wagon overturns, and her legs get trapped under it, and she is able to get out from under the wagon, but her legs become infected, and then they're going to have to decide if she'll be able to live or if she'll die from that. I think the little girl asks her, “Am I going to die?” and then a little girl in the back of the class - this one might be the one named Katie. I'm not sure. I can't remember what the name of each child is or what the girl was in the back of the class, but her name - or not her name, I don't remember her name, but she's a - her role is as a doctor that they decided to bring with them on the Oregon Trail. I think she puts up her hand and she yells, “I'm a doctor,” and the teacher says, “Thank God,” that she volunteered that. She comes up to the front, and she's able to work on Katie or whichever one is the girl who might die, but the teacher realizes she needs to make some way to figure out if she dies. So, she says, “You have to roll the dice, and if you get a six, you die. Any other number, you don't.”
So, there's all the suspense, and she rolls it, and she gets a three, and the teacher realizes she did a great thing because the children are so excited. She says they're throwing their papers up and hugging each other that it's like the end of Apollo 13, where they're all so excited and celebrating. So, it was a great moment. Then the girl who almost died in the game says, “I almost died.” She meets her later on in life when the child is a - looks the same, but the teacher says that she just looks stretched. They meet somewhere along Broadway, and the first thing that the girl says to the teacher is, “Do you remember when I almost died?” and she says, “Yes, I absolutely remember that.” That's where she ended off, but there were details I remember throughout. That the teacher had made herself a bonnet made out of upholstery fabric, and she put it on, I think, special for the day where someone might die. At one point, she realizes how excited they got about the danger aspect, but she decided to - at one point in the game, they hear a rustle in the bushes, and the boy whose name is something Bacon in the game, he likes the danger aspect a lot, and he asks right away, “Is it wild animals?” because that's one of the possibilities along the Oregon Trail. I think the teacher decides that, yes, it is, and they have to figure out what kind of animal is there. She tells them the animal is injured, and they're - it's a baby animal, and they're going to take it with them as a pet, and all the children respond by going, “Aw.” They have to roll the dice to figure out what kind of animal it is, and it was a baby wolf. So, they take it with them, and then where, previously, I think she said there were 720 miles left or 700 something left on the Oregon Trail after Katie, the little girl, whoever it was, almost died, but then after they adopt the baby wolf, nothing bad happens again on the Oregon Trail.
So, the kids are very settled by - they all love the little baby wolf, and they take it with them through the whole journey. I don't think she tells how the journey ends, but I suppose they get there eventually. What else were the details? She said there was a possibility of wild animals. I don't remember all the possibilities she said. She asks the audience at one point if they played Oregon Trail. I imagine pretty much everybody has. I know there was more to it that I'm not remembering, but that's everything that I can recall. So, I am done, and then I will press D. So, 