It was a story about a third-grade teacher who taught a third-grade class. One of their projects was doing the Oregon Trail. They portrayed the Oregon Trail and all of the kids end up with first names of people who died on the Oregon Trail but made-up different last names. They all had to choose what they wanted to do. Some of the girls wanted to be pop stars but popstars didn’t exist back then. Some of them wanted to be farmers, doctors, and things like that. The first day they went on the Oregon Trail, they did like 40 blocks which is two miles in, I guess, Madison in New York. One of the kids got thirsty and she had to make up like it was a stream for them to get water. One of the kids was like, “I want to get on the wagon,” and she was like, “No. Kids didn’t get on the wagon. It’s only for the sick and for food. They got back to the class and she made up more things for the Oregon Trail for the next day. The next day comes and one of the boys, Alex, that played as Alex Chapman, said, “Will anybody die on this trail?” She was like, “No.” She put a bonnet on and they traveled a little bit more and stuff like that. I think the third day, they kept asking her. She decided to add it in and she called the girl Katie, if I’m not mistaken, to roll a dice and she got trapped under the wagon. She had to roll the dice to see if her legs would be freed or would she die. When she rolled, it was like her legs were free but she set up an infection. So, the little girl was like, “Am I going to die?” and she didn’t know what to say and one of the little girls stood up and said, “Wait, I’m a doctor,” and she saved her. She rolled a three because if she rolled a six, she would have died but she rolled a three and everyone was happy that she lived. The next day, they went on the trail and the boy, Alex, asked, "Was somebody going to die again,” and she changed the narrative, the teachers changed the narrative of it and said no. They hear animals and the boy was like “Is it a dangerous animal?” It was but she changed the narrative again and was like, “No, it’s just a baby animal with a broken leg.” So, they had to roll the dice to see was it going to be a fox or I guess a bunny or a wolf. It ended up being a baby wolf named, “Benny-the-something,” Benny-the-Chinny or something like that. It followed them all the way to the Oregon Trail. When they got to the Oregon Trail, their homestead, their finances, and all that and made cornbread and danced to Earth, Wind & Fire’s “September” on there. Then also, the class was so thrilled about like danger of the Oregon Trail and they actually enjoyed like talking about death or someone dying that every day someone was asking in the classroom when they got the class to do the Oregon Trail, “Is someone going to die today? Is someone going to die today?” Like I said, she had to actually add [Laughter] that into the Oregon Trail because they loved danger like they actually enjoyed the danger of knowing if someone’s going to die today. She was more worried about it too. She didn’t want to do it because she felt their parents are going to call her like, “You’re doing something that has them saying someone’s going to die in their classroom,” so she really didn’t want to do it. They wanted it so bad that she did it anyway and it ended up being enjoyable. 