So, the teacher is a social studies teacher, and she always likes to make things fun for the kids. She makes up stories so that they can learn from it. One of the stories she made up is about a puppet rock group that is lost in America and so the kids have to help them find their way across the states. She likes to do things like that all the time or that they’re going to another planet. She writes letters and they write letters back. So, it was time to learn about the Oregon Trail, and so she has some of it planned out and it’s a mix between Dungeons and Dragons principles and something else, I don’t remember. Everyone takes a name, and they pick a career. All the girls wanted to be pop stars and so she had to let them know and explain that there were no pop stars at that time. 
A smart aleck kid named Alex, he was always interjecting things and his Oregon Trail name was Alex Bacon. So, they started the Oregon Trail, and she would put on a bonnet when it was time to be on the trail. She decided that they needed to know what it was like to feel to walk the Oregon Trail. In Manhattan, she had them walk 40 blocks which was about two miles and halfway there, one of the kids said that they were thirsty. She said, “Well, there were no fountains on the Oregon trail.” They said, “There’s one right there.” She said, “Oh, look. A stream, how lucky!” Because she didn’t want a parent phone call from withholding water from a third grader. So, by the time they got back, they were all hot and sweaty. She decided that it was time to get to the Rockies. She told them that this was the most dangerous part of the game. Alex Bacon asked if anyone would die. They seemed so excited about it. She said, “Someone may die. It’s a possibility.” They got all excited about it and so she decided to carry on in that vein and they got to the point where they had to roll dice and the little girl named Katie rolled the dice and it ended up - first they got to a part where they had to either pay a ferryman to cross the river or to try and cross with their wagons. They decided to cross with their wagons and that didn’t work all that great, but they got across. Then they met a snake oil salesman who had an elixir to make them strong and they’d be able to get to Oregon City quicker. They all decided to pay the snake oil salesman, but being third graders, they didn’t know what a snake oil salesman was. So, she told them, “Oh, it’s a con. You lost your money, and you actually lost a couple of days on the Oregon Trail because you ended up being sick and vomiting from the elixir.” Then the wagon overturned and Katie ended up being the person who had to roll the dice to see what happened. The wagon landed on her legs. She had to roll the dice again to see if she would be okay or if something worse happened and she had an infection. Katie looked at the teacher and said, “Oh, do I die?” The teacher was like, “Oh no, this is what the parent calls going to be about good teachers don’t kill off their kids on the Oregon Trail.” All of a sudden, a little girl that sat in the back named Ellis said, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” She came up and the teacher said, “Okay, the only way you die is if you roll a six,” and the little girl rolled a three. She survived and everyone was happy, and then since they had gotten so dark, she decided that they weren’t going to go that route anymore.
They got to a certain point and there was noise and rustling in the forest around them and Alex jumped on it and said, “Is it a wild animal? Are we in danger?” She said, “It could be a wild animal,” but it ended up being a baby animal, a bunny. They had to roll to see if it was a bunny, or a wolf, or – I don’t remember the other one, but it was a baby wolf. They named him Yeni the Benny. Benny, something like that. He followed them and everyone was super happy about that. Then they made it to Oregon City really, really quick like Amazon Prime the next few days because she was just exhausted and tired over it.
Then years later, she was walking down the streets and she saw Katie. Katie looked exactly the same. She was just taller and stretched. They each recognized the other and they hugged. The first thing Katie said to her was, “Do you remember that time I died on the Oregon Trail?” She said, “Yes, Katie. I do remember.” 
So, that was the story. I’m done.