I believe a teacher is speaking to a crowd about her story regarding teaching the last unit of her school year for kids regarding the Oregon Trail. She is quite perplexed on how to teach about the Oregon Trail to nine-year-olds when it has so many different complexities to it with regards to people who have died on the Oregon Trail, resources needed for sustaining life, and so forth. I think I remember her talking about a kid named Alex. I remember her talking about coming up with all these different characters, looking up actual, real people who died on the Oregon Trail and she gave these names to her kids. There was a kid named Alex and he ended up being Alex Bacon as a character in the Oregon Trail and there were all these characters, doctors, lawyers. Well, I’m not sure about lawyers but definitely doctors, farmers, I think, and I think I remember her talking about certain details about the girls wanting to be pop stars. She said, “No, there were no pop stars in the Oregon Trail. You have to choose these characters.” 
  Then she went on saying - talking about how she really wanted her third-grade students to experience the travel in the Oregon Trail. So, she took them around a 40-block route [Laughter] which is about two miles around the area in Manhattan. It was a point where along the way while they were walking, there was a kid who said that he wanted water. I think the teacher said that she had to really think hard about this because she didn’t want to get concerning phone calls from parents about withholding water from the children. So, she had to think quickly about it and said, “Aha, there’s a stream. We shall partake of it,” or “Let us partake of it.” That is one part of how she was describing the simulated experience in traveling on the Oregon Trail. Then I think there was a point where – I think there is another part in her story where the kids will keep asking her about who’s going to die today, or “Am I going to die today?” or something like that. So, she came up without trying to complicate things so much. So as to prevent getting concerning phone calls from parents, she decided to apply some principles from Dungeons and Dragons into the Oregon Trail experience.
 I think there was a girl named Catherine. I don’t know whether or not she had to roll a die to get this situation to happen to her but there’s a point where she had supposedly, the legs of her character had gotten caught under the wagon and then she had to roll the dice to see whether or not the outcome will be better or worse for her and it’s worse, she gets an infection. Then the group of students, I think, were all on the edge of their seats. Then I think there was a kid names Ellis who says, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” So, the third-grade teacher says, “Okay, the only way you cannot die is if you, or rather, the only way you die is if you roll a six.” Catherine, she shakes it in her hand and then there’s another kid and says, “Shake it again.” [Laughter] So, Catherine does that and then finally she rolls the die or the dice and it’s a three. Everyone in the classroom is celebrating like it’s Apollo 13, as the teacher describes it with all the papers thrown up in the air. It was just a celebratory experience and I think I remember her talking about having 700 miles to go still for the Oregon Trail but in real life, it was just finished in a matter of two days like it was an Amazon Prime day shipping experience in duration. Then I think I remember the teacher talking about seeing Catherine again when she - I think on Broadway, she was in the ninth grade now and then she asked how she was doing and Catherine asked, “Hey, do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?”
I think that was pretty much the end of her story and 