The story was about a teacher who was teaching third grade nine-year-olds the history of the Pioneers traveling on the Oregon Trail. She started with stuffed animal characters with silly names but realized that the children weren't really understanding the gravity of what occurred on the Oregon Trail due to the Pioneers traveling cross-country and the dangers it posed. So, she switched to something else. I can't remember what it was but another option. She made up - the kids made up name. They made up names for the kids so they could have something more realistic. So, each kid made up a name based on someone who actually died on the Oregon Trail. Then, they got the name or given an occupation from that time. The little girls mostly wanted to be pop stars, but she asked them to choose things like farmers, doctors. From there, she started to realize that the kids had a little bit of a penchant for danger. The kids would ask if there was going to be a dangerous I guess field to the game. She said, “Sure.” So, when the kids chose their names, her student, Alex, who was a bit snarky, chose the name Alex Bacon. He constantly questioned whether anyone would die and all the other kids did as well. They seem to be a little obsessed with death and if someone’s going to die or get hurt. So, she took the kids on a walk across Manhattan 40 blocks which is about two miles to teach them how it felt to walk across the Oregon Trail because you couldn't ride on a wagon. But Alex Bacon said, “Well, I will be riding on the wagon.” The teacher said, “No, because you need a piano or you need to be sick or infirm.” The children have to walk. So, then, they wanted to get a drink at the water fountain, but she said there's no water on the Oregon Trail. But then she realized the parents might send back a letter that she didn't let their kids have a drink after walking 40 blocks. So, she said, “Oh, look. It's a stream or a creek or something.” So, the kids could drink to continue on. But she said after that they still didn't quite understand the dangers and the gravity of what it was like to have to walk across the country to Oregon as a Pioneer on the Oregon Trail. So, she decided that since the kids seem to be a bit obsessed with danger, how she should turn it into a fun game like Dungeons & Dragons where you draw cards and roll a die. On the die, it determines what’s going to happen next. So, she set the kids up into teams and they had a story that they followed and with their new names and their occupations. They had to roll the dice. Every day, the kids wondered would someone die. She went along with this because she was teaching them the dangers of the Oregon Trail Pioneer travel but she sometimes questioned whether or not it would be appropriate for these kids at the age of nine and third-grade to be learning this. Then, they roll the die. One day, Katie, who was on - she got ran over by the wagon. Her legs get stuck under the wagon because when she rolled the dice, the die - it said that she would be stuck under the wagon and the other kids all gasped. She thought she was going to die. Then, they said, “Well, roll the dice to see if your legs get pulled off from under the wagon or you die.” They rolled the die. She survived but she had an infection. Then, the kids said, the little girl in the back, Ellis, said that if you if you roll a – “I’m a doctor. I can help you. I have medicine.” So, they all said if you roll a six, that's the only way you can die. The rest will survive. So, she rolled a three. Everybody was happy and excited. Then, she was going to have them come across dangerous animals but then she realized it was going too far. So, she told them they found an animal. They’re going to nurse back to help. It was a wolf named Honey Bunny. Then, that was it. They made it to the Oregon Trail in record time, quicker than Amazon Prime delivery for two days. Everyone was happy. The kids learned the lesson. A few years later when Katie was in ninth grade, she ran into her on Broadway. The little girl hugged the teacher. The first thing she said is: “Do you remember the time that she almost died on the Oregon Trail?” 