The story talks about a third-grade teacher and she is teaching her students about the Oregon Trail. She wants them to really get the gist of it because she doesn’t think they’re going to really wrap their minds around it. So, she decides to make it into a game because that’s what she usually does with all her assignments in Social Studies. So, they start this game and she has everybody that use their first names, but she looks at real people that died on the Oregon Trail and they all have to pick out their last name. It has to be like old-time Oregon Trail type of thing. She wants them to understand that they had to walk and walk so she has them walk I think like 16 blocks in Manhattan or whatever just to get - it was about two miles to get them to understand that they walk forever and ever. As they were walking, one of the kids said something about them being thirsty and she’s like, “Well, there’s no water on the Oregon Trail” and the kid was like, “Well, there’s a water fountain right there.” So, she pretended like it was a creek or something because she didn’t want any parents calling up mad because she didn’t give their kid any water on a long walk like this. So, she fixed that problem. 
Then, they had to do the rest of the walk, do the Oregon Trail and she had created like a number system where everybody had a number and they drew answers for what would happen at different scenarios, and they would draw to see what would happen in that scenario. There was one kid named Alex that kept giving her grief about “Is anybody going to die on the Oregon Trail?” She just wants to keep it all exciting, so she says like, “You’ll never know what might happen on the Oregon Trail.” Well, they eventually got to a point where because everybody kept asking about someone dying, she decided to have that one of the wagons were overturned and one of the walkers got their legs caught under the wagon. It ended up being a little girl, I want to say Sarah in her class, who ended up being the one stuck underneath this wagon. So, now they’re drawing like she’s – sorry – the teacher is starting to freak out because she’s wondering how she’s going to fix the situation because she doesn’t want this phone call about killing their kid on the Oregon Trail. Just when she’s starting to panic and it’s all surreal, one of the other little girls in the back of the room, all of a sudden, says “Wait, I’m a doctor.” So, she receives to go and help the girl because they got her legs unstuck, but they were infected. She ends up healing the legs so she survives. So now, they still have 750 miles and they still have to go through the Rockies. Then, they had ended up drawing because they ended up taking on a small animal pit. They had to draw to see what the pit would be like a baby wolf or a baby fox or a baby rabbit. They end up getting like a baby wolf that they named and followed them the rest of the way. She made jokes about letting them doing it in record time and was on prime time to get all the way up the Oregon Trail. She also mentioned that whenever the girl survived that got her legs caught under the wagon that everybody hooped and hollered. At the end of the thing when they finally reached the end of the Oregon Trail, they played earth, wind and fire, which is not historically correct, but was the type of Oregon Trail she said she wanted to be on at that point. She, then, said that, some few years later, she ran into the little girl, the one that was trapped underneath the wagon, and she was in ninth grade now and she said she looked exactly the same except stretched. They talked and she said, one of the first things she wanted to tell her was, “Do you remember when I died or almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Though, she just smiled and said, “Yes, she remembered. I’m done.        