So, the story started. Well, it sounded like the speaker was maybe on a stage. It kind of reminded me of stand-up comedy, but she was a teacher of third grade. There’s not a lot in the story, but the story started with a – basically, a story about her teaching her third graders about the Oregon Trail, and then she had to go on and describe that in the past when she was teaching about different things, she would use games and that’s sort of - to kind of put a name to what was going on and make them interested. So, she would make up silly names and that sort of thing. So, she thought with the Oregon Trail, it’s more serious, but she still made it a game. So, what she did is she took the video game, the Oregon Trail, and mixed it with Dungeons & Dragons, the dice game. So, she would make up things that would happen, different possibilities, have the kids roll the dice, and then they would kind of decide which way it would go every day in the Social Studies class. But before they started, she wanted to have the kids understand the seriousness of the Oregon Trail and what it was like to walk a long time. So, she lived in Manhattan at the time, and she took the kids on a 40-block walk, which is about two miles. There was one point where a child – I can’t remember what his first name was, but his last name was Bacon. That was an Oregon Trail name anyway. He said something about like - I think the water fountain. “I wouldn’t have walked. They would’ve rode in the wagon,” and she said, “No,” and she explained to them that only the sick or things like that, or a piano rode in the wagon. Kids didn’t know, they never rode in the wagon. Then another kid wanted to drink, and she said, “There are no water fountains on the Oregon Trail,” thinking in her head that she would get a call from the parents. He pointed and said, “There’s a water fountain right there,” and she said and made it into a game again where she pretended it was a stream. So, they stopped and drank from the stream. They got back and they were – like she’s hot and sweaty but got an idea of kind of what it was like to walk anyway, and they started the game. Then she quickly realized that the kids wanted this to be like her other games, but they wanted this one to have some danger in it, and one of them asked her, “Is there going to be danger in this game?” They are very excited about that. I guess every day before they would the start class, they would always ask her if somebody is going to die today. The game was going good. The kids were excited about it. They were into it, but she kind of glossed past that whole having any of the kids die because, again, she didn’t want any teacher – I mean, not teacher but parent calls about “Why has my child died in your class from the Oregon Trail?”
So, she kind of got by and got by, and then they really, really wanted that death. The Rockies were coming up in this part of the Oregon Trail, and she came up with a version of that. She said that she puts her bonnet on and kind of gets into character and reads to them that they’re on their way through the Rockies, and one of the wagons hits a rock and overturns, and somebody is trapped underneath. It ends up being this little girl from the back of the class, who she described as one of those kids that always has messy hair, and it sounds like she’s been smoking since she was three. I think her name is Katie, and she comes up and she has to roll the dice to see if she gets free, because she’s trapped under the wagon is what it is, if she gets free or not. She gets free, and then she has to roll the dice to see if the infection goes away or not, and it doesn’t. Then she said to the teacher, “Did I die?” Before she can answer that, and she’s thinking in her head, “Oh, God. You know I’m going to get that parent call. I let a kid die in my Oregon class trail,” and all this that she’s thinking how she’s going to deal with this whole thing. Probably thinking more, like she said, existential stuff that she needed to do, but a little girl from the back of the class yells out, “Wait. I’m a doctor,” because she had them picked - going back to the beginning, she had them all picked kind of actual jobs that work from the 1840s because the girls wanted to be popstars. She explained that there were no popstars on the Oregon Trail. So, there were doctors, and farmers, and gold miners, and such.
Another part is they bought some snakeskin oil from a snakeskin oil salesman which they did not know what that meant, but they bought it to – it’s an elixir to get to the Oregon Trail faster, which, of course, it didn’t because the snake salesman is gone. The kids didn’t know that. The little girl in the back class, her name is – shoot. I can’t remember what her first name was, but the last her name is Chapman, and I remember that because that’s my last name. Her last name is Chapman, and she says, “Wait. I’m a doctor,” because she had picked the occupation of a doctor. So, she runs up to the to the other little girl who’s trapped under the wagon or had been trapped and has the infected legs. She knows how to heal them, and she does, and she said it was like Apollo 13 mission in her classroom. The kids were throwing paper, and hooting, and hollering, and screaming, and they all like said that she had saved her. Then she runs into that child years later when the child was in – I think she said ninth grade on Broadway. I’m not sure if she was on Broadway or in the audience, but she runs into her there and that’s the first thing the kid says to her, and that kid remembers, says it’s from when she was in that class. So, that was actually a good story, and 