So, this seems to be a woman doing stand-up comedy. She used to be a teacher. I believe she said she was teaching third grade, and she did really like to make games out of any of the lessons that they were learning. So, I believe she taught social studies. So, starting off, she needs to teach them about the Oregon Trail, and she’s talking about the background and the history of the trail itself, and how they had to walk that, and how many miles it was and how it wasn't present day United States, but it wasn’t really anything like that at the time. So, she comes up with something in order to present it, and one of the kids in her class named Alec asked her immediately if it’s going to be a game, and she says, “Yes, Alec. It is going to be a game.” So, she did do a lot of research on this and she wanted it to be as accurate as possible. She did research different names and occupations and things like that. So, they started the game and she wants to show them how, basically, difficult it would be to actually walk the Oregon Trail. She lives in New York, so she said she made them walk 40 blocks in Manhattan, which is two miles. That is obviously a lot when you’re nine years old. So, she makes them walk this and they all choose names. So, Alec becomes Alex Bacon. There’s someone named Ellis that becomes a doctor, and there’s something named Katie, who is also on the Oregon Trail. So, they're all walking, and again, she’s trying to make it as historically accurate as possible. There is one kid, or Alex Bacon says, “It's easy. I wouldn't have walked, I would have actually gotten in the wagon,” and she tells him, “No you can't do that because they didn't like kids in the wagon. You would have had to be injured or sick,” or it was for supplies and that sort of thing; or a piano. And then one kid asks if he can get water because they’re walking past the water fountain, and she thinks about it and she does say there wouldn't be any water fountains on the trail, but she didn't want to get a call home from a parent of the fact that she wouldn’t let this child to have water on the walk. So, she tells them they’re passing a stream, and the child was able to drink water, and they're all happy-go-lucky, ready to go. They’re all rolling, and they get to hear about tragedies and stuff that happened. She lets them all choose occupations, and she said all the girls wanted to be pop stars, but it had to, again, be historically accurate. So, they chose things like a doctor or a farmer or a miner or something along those lines. They all chose that, and she said there was - it got a little muddy about what she was saying, but she basically taught them about snake oil cons, and explained to them – she told them if they rolled certain numbers or anything like that, then they would survive and thrive, basically. And then, the kids rolled, and she told them it was like a snake oil con. So, they actually got very sick and were sick for a day, and she said that they were throwing up, and she thought they would all be upset or mad about this, but they were actually all really excited because they got to pretend they were throwing up in their third grade social studies class. So, from there, she just kept coming up with dangerous elements, basically, of the game, and she again thought that they’d be upset by these sort of things, but she found out they all actually really loved the kind of danger element of the game itself. So, she would go home every night after they did this and kind of write up the next steps for the game itself. Then, there was one person named Katie, and she said she had like crazy hair and stuff like that, and she had to do another danger element. So, Katie rolled a number and told her she was trapped underneath, basically, the caravan, and Katie said, “Do I die?” and she wasn’t sure what to do because she hadn’t written up any more cards for the day. So, she wasn't sure if they were going to have to hold like a fake funeral for Katie, basically, on the side of the Oregon Trail. And then, from there - so, she was kind of panicking for a minute, and then one of the kids shout up and said that - her name was Ellis, she said that she was a doctor, so she could take care of it. Then, they came up with a way to decide whether or not Katie was going to die in the game, and she said the only way for her to die is if she rolled a six. So, they're all watching intently, and she ends up rolling a three, so she does end up surviving, thank God. Then, Katie is hugging Allison. Katie is just saying, “Wow, I really could have just died.” And so, yes, she really enjoyed creating the game. It sounded like she left teaching, but she ran into Katie a few years later when she was at 9th grade, and said she pretty much looked the same, just like she had been stretched out, because she had obviously gotten taller but she looked exactly the same. So, they ran each other and they hugged, and she said that the first thing Katie said to her as soon as they saw each other was, “Remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” and that was pretty much it. 