So, this was a funny story. It was about a teacher who was teaching, I’m assuming elementary school, for sure. She was teaching about the Oregon Trail. Basically, she wanted to make games out of her lessons to help kids remember, and so she took them in Manhattan, and so she really wanted, like I said, to get invested and she was like – how would I say it? She wanted to really teach her kids how to be in an immersive world and she is like the puppet master. She would create games for them to learn. In this case, it was a combination of Dungeons & Dragons and the Oregon Trail game.
This is one kid, Alex, I guess he was smart but she had the kids create names up from 1800s. They changed their last names to names from 1800s. They also had some professions. I remember a lot of the girls, especially, want to be popstars. There were no popstars in the Oregon Trail in 1800s. They were doctors and hunters and a whole bunch of stuff.
They went to the trail. First, what they did was that they had to walk around 40 blocks around Manhattan. I remember along the way, one kid wanted some water, she saw a water fountain and then she wanted to be complaisant to her parents, so she’s like, “Yes, there’s a stream. So, go ahead and drink it.” 
Another time, they come across this guy who was a snake oil salesman but the kids didn’t know that. They bought from the snake oil salesman who told them that if they take it, they’ll be faster and they can go on for longer. Of course, the kids bought it right away but they don’t know what a snake oil is. They packed it when they were leaving. So, they rolled and of course they didn’t factor it in.
There’s another time where there was this girl, I think her name is Katie. She won offhand. So, they were like, “Okay. Well, someone will get sick on the Oregon Trail.” The teacher, she wasn’t as crazy but the kids really got into it and were like, “No, there’s risk that we might die.” The kids were really into that.
One of the kids named Katie, she rolls and apparently, she ended up getting infection in her legs. She keeps rolling and the odds were getting dark and, “Oh, Katie. Katie is going to die.” Then all of a sudden, there is a student named Ellie, I think her name was, or Elise. She said, “Hey, I’m a doctor. I can save her.” If you roll a six, then she survives. If she don’t, then you fail, and she’ll die, basically. They rolled and I think it’s a three and Katie survived. 
Then they continued on with the game. The teacher had other ideas but she was like, “No, this is getting pretty dark. I don’t want any complaints.” It got too immersive and it was just chill. She was like, “Okay. Well, at first…” Originally, it was going to be like, “Oh, we got to kill an animal.” Or something like that. An animal, I think. Instead, they were like, “Okay. If we come across this animal, then we will adopt it.” They ended up adopting a rabbit. They ended up taking in the animal and it was a rabbit, and I think his name was Bennie. 
They go on until the game was complete. Pretty much the kids for social studies, they’re all really into it. They loved the game. They kept asking every day, “Hey, are we going to die?” They just were really into it, play the videogame. It keeps them invested.
Eventually then, they finished and then they had a little party at the end where they played, they danced to Earth, Wind, & Fire. [Laughter] They, I guess, had a little celebration party, something like that. It was pretty cute. Oh, yes, and the teacher had a bonnet. She looked good on the bonnet, and she put on the bonnet and meant business. Anyway, that finishes and then after that, they… 
After that, the teacher runs into Katie years later, and I guess Katie is a 9th grade. They had a laugh. Oh, also Katie. I guess it didn’t really matter but she sounded like smokes to a degree and she had messy hair. Apparently, in the future, she’s a 9th grade, she still looks the same so she called to her of course. That’s all. That’s pretty much it. That’s pretty much all I can remember, but that was a pretty fun story. I want to be like the teacher. I know the stuff she was talking about. I’ll be like the teacher who makes - I would like. Really have an immersive experience with the kids and play the game. That’s all I can remember, the story. I hope that was four minutes. 