It was a teacher that was talking about her class project. She's a 3rd grade teacher and she was recalling the time that she had a project for her 3rd graders and they were going to walk the Oregon Trail and she had printed out all these names and pictures of people that died on the trail and she was going to let her 3rd graders choose which person they wanted to be but they could put the last name of their choice on the end of the first name and they were going to walk about 40 blocks in order to remember the Oregon Trail.
As they were walking, they all had different jobs that they picked. Some of them wanted to be doctors or some of them wanted to be farmers and all the girls in the class wanted to be popstars but the teacher told them that there were - there weren't any popstars back in the day so they couldn't be popstars, and so then they all just picked farmers or doctors or other jobs that weren't like - that existed back in the day.
They kept walking on the trail, and then someone ended up having to – well, someone ended up saying that if they could, they would ride on the wagon but the teacher told them that only people that were sick could ride in the wagon back in the day and children weren’t allowed to ride on the wagon unless they were sick. Then one child asked for some water and she told them that back in the day there were no water fountains, so they couldn't drink from the water fountain that they saw and then she didn't want the child to go home and tell their parents that they weren't able to drink water, so she found a river and said that he could drink from the river on the trail, and then someone ended up getting stuck under the wagon.  The teacher wasn't sure what she was going to do because if the person was going to die, so they would have to have a funeral but then another child said that she's a doctor, so she was going to try to help the other student that was technically stuck under the wagon. The teacher said that the only possible way that the child wouldn't die on the wagon is if they didn't roll a six on the dice. She rolled the dice and I think she didn't get a six, so she was okay. Then she got back out of the wagon and then they kept walking and they made it back to their destination. They walked the whole 40 blocks and then they made cornbread, I think, and then they danced to some music.
Some time passes, and the teacher was walking that same block and she found that little girl from her 3rd grade class that was supposed to be stuck under the wagon and she was in 9th grade now. She looked the same. She just looked taller. The student went up to the teacher and asked if she remember that time when she was supposed to be stuck under the wagon and she told her yes. 