A teacher was recounting a story of when she had taught a course on the Oregon Trail to her class of third graders, and she likes to really come up with creative ways to engage them in her class. She had done a stuffed animal rock band before for a Geography unit. Anyways. So, she was wanting to make the Oregon Trail one real engaging, and so she did some stuff like take them - she took them for a walk of like 40 blocks in Manhattan, and she had one kid, who would always like speak up. His name was Alex, ended up calling him Alex Bacon because that was the last name they had picked for him on the Oregon Trail.
When they were doing their walk of the 40 blocks, he was saying that he would ride in the wagon, and she's telling them that the kids would not ride in the wagon and stuff. Then another kid was saying they want a drink of water and like, “Well, they don’t have water on the Oregon trail,” and the kid was saying there was water found right there. She didn't want to have an awkward parent-teacher call there so she pretended it was a stream and let them get some water. So, when she started her unit in the class, she did a mash-up thing of the Oregon Trail computer game, and the mechanics of the D&D with rolling the dice there to determine how are things on the trip would go.
The kids all picked professions there, and some kids who wanted to be pop stars and she had told them weren’t pop stars in the Oregon Trail. So, there were things like farmers, gold miners, doctors and stuff, but the way the D&D mechanic worked was that they'd like get to a river that they have to cross, and they’d either pay the ferryman or ford the river. If they were doing something like ford the river then they’d roll the dice to see if they successfully crossed the river. When she had given the kids’ names for the things, she had printed out the names of real people who had died on the Oregon Trail. So, the kids were excited about the prospect of there being a danger.
Let’s see. So, I think she had a couple of like slightly dangerous things, but it wasn't too dangerous there, but they did keep asking every day of, “Will someone die?” So, when they got closer to the Rockies, she decided to have a bit of an encounter for them. A wagon got flipped over and a girl, whose name was Katie and her name on the trail, was Catherine Chadwick, she had gotten stuck under a wagon. So, they did some rolls to see if she can get out from under the wagon and that succeeded. Then they did a roll to see if she had gotten any injuries and stuff, and she’d gotten an infection. Then she had done a roll to see if the infection got better or worse. 
Then, unfortunately, it got worse, and the teacher, she was calling herself Mary for the Oregon Trail unit, and she had a bonnet that she’d wear when she was being the wagon master or the wagon train master, but she hadn't really planned out any more scenarios beyond that. She was like really worried that Catherine was going to die on the trail there until a girl, Elise or Elsie, piped up in the back of the class and just hollered, “I’m a doctor.” She’s like Dr. Elise Chapman. She came up and she had to roll the dice to see if she could successfully help Catherine. All she had to do was not roll a six, and she rolled a three so she did successfully help Catherine, and the whole classroom cheered and all that stuff and were real excited that they had saved Catherine, but she had almost died on the Oregon Trail.
 The kids had actually been really excited by that brush with danger there and stuff, but Mary was very, very done with that. She was exhausted [Laughter] from all of that. She’s like trying to keep things a little bit less dangerous at that point. When there was like shaking in the bushes, and the kids were wanting it to be a wild animal, she changed it up to be a baby wild animal that was injured, and they had to help it. They rolled to see what sort of baby wild animal it would be, and it was a baby wolf that they ended up taking with them the rest of the way to Oregon City. Oh, and one of the other things that they had done on the trail was she had had them meet a snake oil salesman. She was relating to her audience that adults know what snake oil salesmen are, that it’s a con man, but kids don't know that so she had to think of the kids drinking the snake oil, and then they were all pretended vomiting in class and stuff. The kids found that real fun.
Anyway, after her Oregon Trail Unit there, it was several years later, and she had run into Katie in Manhattan or so, I think, and Katie was now in ninth grade and taller. They both recognized each other and one of the first things that Katie said to her was, “Hey, remember that time I nearly died on the Oregon Trail,” and Mary was like, “Yes. Yes, I do.” 