Okay. So, this is a story this third-grade teacher is telling, and it's a third-grade teacher teaching history, social studies, and they're coming up on may be the most important unit of the year, it's the Oregon Trail. They have to teach these kids about the westward expansion, and this teacher likes to do things as vividly as possible to try to immerse the children, the students, in this narrative. That’s not really easy to do all the time, especially if it's something like the Oregon Trail, where it's really complicated. There's a lot of nuances to the reasons why we were expanding west, the different pioneer and subtler stories, and nine-year-olds aren’t going to remember all of that information, but what they might remember is how important it is, how dangerous the Oregon Trail was. They might be able to understand the feelings of the people who are going through this. So, what this teacher decides is that they're going to basically play Dungeons & Dragons for the Oregon Trail. Every one of the students is going to get assigned a character, they're going to pick a profession, and they're going to be a real pioneer on the Oregon Trail. So, they go and they get assigned actual dead pioneers. I don’t remember all the names. One of them was Alex Bacon. There was a doctor, Dr. Chapman, who these kids get assigned, and have to pick their professions, and of course, the little girls want to be Taylor Swift, right, like popstars, and this teacher says, “No, you’re farmers, doctors, carpenters. That's it.” And they begin. They begin by trying to figure out and understand what is it like to walk this long, and they can't walk for a super long period of time, but they go to downtown Manhattan and they walked 40 blocks. It’s like two miles that they're walking and the kids are already exhausted but they're excited now because they're going to get to play. And so, the way this works is like Dungeons & Dragons, or like the videogame scenarios come up and they have to roll a dice to figure out what's going to happen. At the very beginning, this teacher tells the kids, "Somebody might die. It’s a dangerous trip,” and this gets the kids really invested into what's going on, and all sorts of things start to happen. They go through all these different scenarios. The kids gets tricked by this con man who says, “I'm going to sell you snake oil and it's going to get you to Oregon City faster.” And the kids, because they don't know what snake oil is, they fall for it, they spent all their money on the snake oil, and they ended up instead just throwing up all day, in the game, I think, not in real life, but for the kids with their imaginations, it’s like real life. They keep going, more and more stuff, more and more things are happening, and eventually, they're pushing. They say, “When is somebody going to die? When is the danger going to come up?” The scenario that finally happens is a wagon has fallen over and it's trapped one of the kids. They rolled the dice and it’s this girl, I think her name is Katie, gets trapped, and they have to roll to see what happens. It’s like, “Oh, well, you got out, but your legs have been infected.” “Oh, it’s getting worse.” This teacher is panicking a little bit, she’s like, “Oh, I can't actually kill the kid.” Eventually, one of the students says, “Oh, wait, I'm Dr. Chapman. I'm a doctor,” and was able to roll the dice and save the day, and so everybody survives. Years later, this teacher runs into one of the students again, that girl, Katie, and the first thing that Katie said in response or in recognition was to say, “Oh, remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” I think that's it. 