A third-grade teacher tells a story. She makes her students learn about the Oregon Trail, but she is doing it as a game. So, she tells her class, and one of the students named Alex is kind of a trouble student. He wants to know if it's a game. So, he asks, "Is it a game?" and she says, "Yes." So, she tells them about the Oregon Trail. She prints out some names and tells them that, "You have to take on these characters' names. You'll keep your first name, but you will take a last name such as the Oregon Trail members name," so now Alex becomes Alex Bacon. She wants them to get the authentic experience of the Oregon Trail so she takes them on a 40-block walk in Manhattan. So, she's walking these students around and Alex says that he's tired and he says that on the Oregon Trail, he would be riding on the wagon, but she replies that, "No. On the Oregon Trail, the wagon is for people who are sick. It's for people who are old. Otherwise, it's for the supplies for the Oregon Trail and maybe a piano." So, they walk and another girl, or a girl says that she's thirsty, but the teacher replies that - and the girl says, "There's a water fountain over there," but the teacher says, "There's no water fountain on the Oregon Trail," but the teacher realizes that she doesn't want to have the student go home and say that, "Oh, the teacher wouldn't let us have a drink." So, the teacher says, "Oh, there's a spring over here," so miraculously, a spring appears and, "Let's just get a drink." So, after the 40-block walk, the students want to know how dangerous it's going to be. They want to know is someone going to die. The teacher says, "It is dangerous. Someone could die, but they've been fortunate. They've escaped any sort of danger," but then Kathy or Kate, she becomes trapped under the wagon. She gets injured. Her legs got injured. She gets an infection in her legs, and the teacher makes her roll the dice to see if she survives. The infection turns worse. It did not work, but the teacher realizes, "I don't want to have this girl die in my class even if it's in the Oregon Trail. I don't want her to die because I don't want to traumatize her. Do we have to have a funeral inside classroom and bury her on the Oregon Trail?" Then, out of nowhere a little girl in the back says, "I'm a doctor," so the teacher gets this giant reprieve. She says, "Okay. Come up to the front. You have to roll a dice," and the only way she can die is if it lands on a six. So, the girl takes the dice. She shakes it in her hand for good luck. A boy says, "No, shake it again," so she shakes it again, she rolls it. It's a three. The little girl survives. She's healed. So, to continue on - but the teacher doesn't remember anything before the Oregon Trail. It's been so long and they still have 700 miles to go. They hear something outside the window of the school. The students want to know if it's a wild animal, a dangerous animal. Are they in danger? The teacher says, "It's a wild animal, but it's a baby animal. Its leg is hurt so we have to raise it," and the children go, "Aww," as seven graders do, and it's a wolf. So, they raise this baby wolf the rest of the way to Oregon City on the Oregon Trail. So, they are raising his wolf on the Oregon Trail to Oregon City, and finally, they make it. They make it in record time. They make it Amazon two-day delivery time. It's so fast, but they make it and they set up their homestead. They make cornbread. They do all the things. They have their budget. They do all these things, but they made it. Later on, the teacher runs into Katie. She's in the ninth grade now. She looks exactly the same except she's taller. She stretched out. The first thing Katie says to her is, "Remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail in your classroom?" and she just says, “Yes. Yes, I remember that.” 