Okay, so the story was of a teacher in New York and she likes to do games to sort of like teach topics and the topic that she had to teach, that is the story for the Oregon Trail. So, she got all her students and they all created backstories and who they are that's going to be taking this Oregon Trail in sort of the game form. So, she makes them all their backstories and it starts out. So, you have to roll a dice too, and certain actions would happen. She didn't expect the kids to be that interested, but they slowly got more and more interested. It starts out going on the trail fine and everything and she's slowly realizing that the students are very much into the simulated danger of all things to get them ready to visualize how along the Oregon Trail, she had to walk 40 city blocks in Manhattan which was about two miles and she didn't want to like – one kid got thirsty and she made believe that the water fountain was a stream they just happen upon and so they get back up for their two-mile walk and the kids are exhausted and everything. Then she starts to work more and more of like old-timey things into the story because they started playing in the classroom basically a version of the Oregon Trail video game but tabletop like Dungeons & Dragons. So, she has to meet like a snake oil salesman and all the kids, because they don't know what a snake oil salesman is yet, like an adult would, they all take the elixir like buy it from a snake oil salesman and they all have to figure out that like, "Oh, it didn't really do anything." They lost a day of being on the trail for throwing up and she thought they would be bummed, but they are actually excited because it was kind of like a funny thing that they were throwing up in class, but simulated through the game. The kids started becoming like wondering if someone was going to die in the game on the trail, kept hyping it up and hyping it up and eventually, one of the students, they're getting close to the Rockies. So, she treats a scenario in the game where one of the students, Katie - her name is Katherine in the Oregon Trail game, who gets trapped under a wagon and is stuck. She has to roll to see if they get her un-trapped or she just dies under the wagon. So, she rolls and she gets un-trapped, but she knows the kids want some more of the simulated danger so she says, "Oh, your legs has been cut when getting free from the wagon. They may be infected," so the kids look there and said, "Is she going to die?" All the kids are like on the edge of their seats wondering if she's going to die, and the teacher is very nervous about this because she doesn't want to get a phone call from parents and stuff like that and being like, "You traumatized my kid." So, she's wondering what to do. One of the other girls that was in the class is a make-believe doctor in the game. The girl stands up and she goes, "Oh, I'm a doctor. I can heal her," and the teacher is relieved because she can get out of this, and show goes, "The doctor will heal you unless you roll to six," and all the kids are on the edge of their seat wondering if she's going to roll a six. She rolls a three, so she gets out of that. So, she really knows that the kids want in lot of danger, and the next time they have it, it starts out with they hear animals outside their wagons and all the kids are wondering if it's wild animals that they're in danger. She doesn't really want to go down that route again so she says, "No. It's actually an injured baby animal and we have to adopt them and take them the rest of the way on the trail." The kids were kind of happy with that and they said, "Aww." They were in the Rockies at that point. They had like 790 miles to go to get to Oregon City, and she said they made it incredibly fast. They sped the game up, and when they got to the end, they made cornbread and talked about how they would homestead and stuff like that, like how the settlers would once they were done with the Oregon Trail. They had a dance party to Earth, Wind, and Fire, this September. So, this was years ago and that she ran into Katie, a little girl that had to roll six or she was going to die in the game, and she ran into her when she was a ninth grade many years later and she still looked the same, just taller, but she ran into her on the street and they hugged. They're talking and Katie brought up, "Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?" and then they laughed. That's about everything for that story. 