All right. This is a story about a teacher starting her class on the Oregon Trail, and she constructs this game that they’re going to play. She previously had done this sort of game before with kind of like a letter write-in scenario where she would be the person writing the letters as these fictional characters and her students would respond to them and then she would be able to progress her story that way. This way, for the Oregon Trail, she wanted to do something different where she’s going to mix the story of the Oregon Trail with dice rolling. 
To prepare her students for the game, she took them on a large walk – or a long walk rather. She wanted to get them a sense of how long the settlers would have to go on the trail by walk. They went on about a 2-mile walk around the city. It was in New York. One of the kids got thirsty halfway through and she was going to try to make it an arduous journey but then she realized, “Well, this student’s parent might call later and then be upset, so, sure, we’ll let them have some water.” They drank out of this water fountain but she made it sound like it was a stream and not some piece of technology. 
The kids came back. The teacher wore this bonnet that she knitted for herself every time she got into the character as the host of the Oregon Trail journey and she had all the kids select the name of their settler. She had some printouts of some old names, people that actually died on the trail. They all had to pick a name and a profession. Then they would progress the day with the various events that the teacher would bring up and they would dice roll to see whether those events would progress. 
She enticed the kids with the fact that there might be some danger along the way. In fact, one of the kids who is like this known class clown asked if there would be any deaths at any point and she said, “Yes, there could be possibly a death.” All the kids really liked the sense of danger, this excitement that was going to be in this game as opposed to the other ones where they didn’t really have that sense of thrill. 
The game started and it went according to plan. They would have to decide whether they were going to ford the river or take a ferryman across. They would roll some dice. They would or would not go across the river, but the kids kept on coming back to the death aspect. They would ask every day like, “Is someone going to die today?” The teacher would have to be like, “I don’t know. Maybe somebody will but we’re not really sure. It’s always a possibility,” but that made the kids really excited to show up to the social studies class every day that she was teaching. 
Then towards halfway through, they were going to be getting near the Rockies, which is what the teacher described as the most difficult part of the journey. So then, the kids got really excited. I forget how they did it, but I think basically she made everyone roll a die and then whoever got picked is the victim for this day was going to be trapped underneath the wagon, so like the wagon ran over her leg, I think. She was thinking it would be just some random kid that wasn’t really going take too much heart to it and then it would be over and done with, but instead the kid that got picked to be the victim on this day was this sweet little girl. She came up to the front of their class and the teacher was like, “Okay. The wagon ran over your leg and we’re going to see what we can do about it.” She rolls her dice again and, okay, they got the wagon off but now her leg is infected. The teacher realized it was starting to go down this path of where she wasn’t able to control the narrative anymore, and she didn’t really want someone to die because then the parents might get upset that this sweet little girl comes home crying that she died in the class today and it was really traumatic for her, so she’s trying to find a way out of it. Right as she’s confused as to how she’s going to get out of this little girl dying, one of the other kids in the class, this other girl, raises her hand and says that her character is a doctor, so maybe she can help. Then the teacher is relieved because she found an avenue out. She’s like, “Oh, thank God.” So, brings the other little girl up. The other little girl saves the first one because she’s a doctor, everyone’s happy, and I think the girl, Katie was her name, was like, “Wow. I almost died,” and she thought that was really cool. It was exciting for her. 
Then basically from there on out they had an easy journey for the rest of Oregon Trail. Nothing bad happened. They made it there. They adopted a pet along the way, a pet wolf. Whereas the teacher thought there was going to be a day where these wild animals attack the kids, but instead she was like, “Whatever. It’s not wild animals. It’s just a baby wolf that you have to adopt.” Then the kids all thought this was great. The story ended. They move along with the rest of the year. 
Then this teacher, years later - I think when she taught these kids, they were in third grade, but now this was a handful of years later, so these kids would have been in ninth grade - she saw the one girl, Katie, on the street who was the one that was trapped underneath the wagon, and the girl remembered that like, “Remember that time I almost in your class?” It was funny that years later, she vividly remembered [Laughter] this event that the teacher constructed for her. The teacher thought it was really funny. That was the end of the story. I’m done.  