All right. So, the story sounded like a teacher or somebody who used to be a teacher. She’s clearly on stage, a stand-up comedy. She’s recalling how, basically, her experience and her class’s experience with the Oregon Trail. That’s a game that I very much have fond memories of as well. Anyways, the story begins with, I guess one little smart kid in the class, Alex or something like that, kind of commenting “What are we doing” or something like that. She was like “We’re going to be playing the Oregon Trail.” The kids, of course, not knowing what that entailed, all the dark and horrible misery that game bestows upon the youth. Anyway, the teacher is kind of going into explaining how to really get the kids into the whole idea of the trek they had to take. She takes them on an 11-mile walk, just to kind of tire them out and kind of give them a little example of that. Then basically, she’s kind of just going down the list of interesting ways and challenges that she would kind of present to them like, “Oh, today the cart that they were taking overturned,” and they had to roll to see who was going to end up under the cart. Just generally, it’s just these humorous little antidotes of that like, “Okay, what’s next? 
One of the little girls almost dies and becomes a big thing in the class where she - when she gets into serious mode, she’ll put on this bonnet and she’d be like deliver the dark news, whoever died of cholera, which is, again, very much to the point of that game. Anyways, from that point, as they’re kind of going about it, the kids are obviously becoming more and more sucked into it because, I mean, she seems to be making it really, really fun in that regard. On top of that, that game is just a literal game so, of course, the kids are going to be buying into it. Her biggest problem comes home to, after a certain point like, “Oh, man. The elements of this game get pretty dark. Do we keep going with the role play and then I ended up traumatizing one of the kids.” “Well, your daughter almost died today by getting eaten by wolves.” That kind of becomes this little dilemma that the teacher has where she’s like, “Well, maybe I don’t want the danger so much.” But the kids, by this point, completely bought it. “We want the danger.” It kind of all moves to this point where, finally, they hear this small animal sound. Originally, it wasn’t an animal sound and they roll to figure out what it was. Unfortunately, it was a baby wild animal, I guess. Basically, they kind of come to the conclusion of adopting the said animal. It turns out to be a baby wolf, which isn’t maybe exactly, I would say, the safest of choices. 
However, did kind of ended up going with it. They made it to Oregon lickety-split surprisingly. No tragedies after that point. Get established. Get their little town going and apparently have a dance party to the musical musings of wind, rain and fire, or something like that. Wind, earth, and fire. The teacher kind of closes the story with how she ran into one of the students years, years, years later. I believe the student was in ninth grade by this point, so she said she looked really the same, just stretched out. She was like, after just recognizing each other, the student points out, “Hey, you remember that time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” It kind of just like, yes, letting her know that really stuck with her and yes, it’s sort of a pretty funny little story. Yes, I’m done. That’s it.