So, I was a third-grade teacher, and it was time to teach my kids about the Oregon Trail. I previously taught using methods, using like a puppet rock band but for this one, this lesson, I decided to use kind of a simulation. A mixture of the Oregon Trail and Dungeons and Dragons where you roll the dice to decide the outcomes of things. I had a kid, Alex, and they all got old school Oregon Trail type last names, and his ended up being Alex Bacon. He decided to kind of test me and asked me if they could die on the Oregon Trail. I felt like they would really like the stakes of having [Laughter] the ability to die so I told him yes, and I also wanted to knock him down a peg. So, yes, my third-grade children, nine, 10 years old, they all thought they could die during this, which they all found very exciting. We set out on the Oregon Trail and there was a kid who found a water fountain. Before that, I decided that they needed to see how the Oregon trail actually felt. So, I decided to take them on a 40-block walk in Manhattan. It’s only about two miles, not very far, but pretty far for a third grader and yes, one of the kids found a water fountain and I did not want to deal with a parent calling me, telling me I had denied their child water while you’re out on this 40-block walk. So, I just acted like, “Oh, we found a stream on the Oregon Trail. You may take a drink.”
We kept walking along our Oregon Trail until we’d reach the Rocky Mountains. When we reached the Rocky Mountains, a wagon had collapsed on a girl’s legs. I don’t know why I’d given this. I was the one that had written all of the options so I’m really not sure why I’ve written this to be an option, but the wagon had collapsed on her legs. She rolled the dice, and it turned out that she did not die from it, but her legs were infected. The girl thought that she was going to die. She really, really thought that, until one girl yelled out - her name was Katie Chapman - she yelled out that she was a doctor, and she could treat this. The kids were all very invested in this story and thought that the girl may die. I don’t know why I gave it the option that the girl could die but I didn’t want her to. So, I said, “Hey, if you roll a six you will die. If you roll anything else other than a six, you do not die. Katie Chapman, the doctor, who I’m very glad we brought with us on this trip, she will save you.” So, she went to roll the dice and she went to do a lucky blow. One of the kids told her, “Do it again. Don’t roll yet. You’ve got to give it another lucky shake.” She rolled and she roiled a three. So, Katie Chapman, the doctor, ended up saving this girl. Her legs were cured. Everything went fine and surprisingly, the rest of the 700, 800 miles left to Oregon City, went without a hitch very quickly, and the kids all made it there safe. And yes, that was how I taught my third-grade children, my students, the Oregon Trail.