There is a teacher that teaches ninth graders which I think are nine-year-olds which I think is fourth grade and she was teaching them. She is a Social Studies teacher so she was teaching them about the Oregon Trail. The way she was going to teach the kids about the Oregon Trail was to have them kind of live the Oregon Trail. So, they had to first walk around 40 blocks through Manhattan so they could see what it was like to have the physical tiredness of being on the Oregon Trail. The teacher also picked out a bunch of names from the actual people that died on the Oregon Trail to give the kids. They kept their same first names but had different Oregon Trail last names. Then, when they got back, they were doing a combination of the Oregon Trail and D&D. The kids would have to roll a dice to see if they could pass certain obstacles and events in the Oregon Trail. 
One of the kids was named Alex and she was going back and forth with them a lot and one of the things that happened was one of the girls named Katie got injured and they had to roll to see if she would live or not. That was one of the things the kids would always ask if somebody would die on the Oregon Trail and the teacher tried to make it hard for the kids to die, but she had it in the back of her mind that maybe one of the kids might, at some point. So, the student, Katie, got injured and they had to roll or Katie had to roll a few times to see if she would survive or not. The teacher tried to make it hard for her to get killed on the Oregon Trail, but she ended up rolling so many times that she almost did, and at the last second, she saved herself by rolling a three instead of a six because the teacher said that if she rolled a six that she would be killed and so she rolled a three. One of the other kids in the classroom was a doctor on the Oregon Trail, so the teacher used that as a reason to keep Katie alive. She also ran into Katie years later on Broadway and Katie asked her if she remembered the Oregon Trail. The person telling the story was also asking if anybody had ever played the video game, the Oregon Trail. At some point, she said that so much had happened so far, but they still had about 700 miles left to go on the trail. She mentioned a few times that she didn’t want to get calls from angry parents about having traumatized their kids. That is most of what happened that I can remember.      