This is a story about a teacher; she teaches, I believe, fifth grade social studies. I’m really not sure, but she's quite a comedian. She usually does extravagant things for a class to teach them not only about the history of the world, but different things about being social. She had, she said, a group of dolls that she claimed were from the future or something, and I don't know how exactly it relates to the class, but they all named them cute names and stuff, and she had a really fun time. She always plays games with the children, like creating racecars, or pretending they're going to future and things like that. She had one particular story that really got kind of out of hand, but she said it was the greatest idea she ever had. Somehow she struck up a whole chord with it, but apparently, their school didn’t have Oregon Trail on the computers, so she had to teach the kids what it was like to colonize the west in a game she called The Oregon Trail, fully fit with Dungeons & Dragons Dice, and characters and situations, and got the whole class worrying about if they were going to die, and who she was going to kill next.
She had one particular student, Alex, as she calls him, much like a smart aleck, who always questions them, “Are we going to die?” Because that’s what the Oregon Trail was about – homesteading, trying to make your way across the west, colonize it, always dying along the way. She had various stories for the kids. Well, for instance, first she went walking through the city with the kids, with the whole class, and they’re pretending they’re trekking the Oregon Trail to go west, and one of the kids was like, “Hey, can I get water?” And she thought, “There’s not water on the Oregon Trail,” and it’s like there’s a fountain right there and she goes, “Oh lovely, a stream. Why don’t we go drink water?” She’s always creative and smart and thinks she has all these great ideas while they’re just walking in downtown Manhattan pretending they’re in the Oregon Trail.
Anyways, she gets back to the class and she has to think of all these different situations and things to write down on notecards so that they could roll dice and pretend they’re actually playing the game and things like that, and she has to draw names out of a hat. For instance, one time she said they all found a snake oil salesman that would guarantee them strength and quickness to get across the Oregon Trail quicker. As it turns out, the snake oil salesman actually poisoned the whole class because he’s selling snake oil, and they all got sick and vomited for a whole turn. One time, she had to write a death scenario for one of the kids and she went out and tried to draw a name from a hat. It turns out it was this girl named Katie, and she comes to the front of the class and she’s this sort of girl with messed up hair. She’s only like eight years old and she sounds like a smoker, and she has to do her in.
The story was one of the kids got trapped underneath the wagon wheel, and who was it? It was this Katie girl and she’s like, “Am I going to die?” And the whole class busts out laughing and they had to roll dice for all these different situations. She thought about how bad it would be if one of the kids had died, like parent-teacher conferences and things like that. Who’s going to think she’s a good teacher? Good teachers don’t kill their students. So anyways, Katie wins at one of the dice rolls. She has to roll a six. She rolls a six, she dies, but she rolls a three and she lives, and the whole class is jumping for joy, like “Katie didn’t die, Katie didn’t die” and all these things. Anyways, so they hightail it, they make it across the Oregon Trail, and they get there as quick as bones. They finally get there and they throw a homesteading party and she bakes cornbread for all the kids and shows them all the pleasures of homesteading and blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, at the end of the story, she says that she was walking down Broadway in downtown Manhattan, and this little girl walks up to her and it’s Katie. It’s the girl from her class and she’s just a little taller now and it’s a few years later. Katie walks up to her and says, “Hey, do you remember that one time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” She just cracks up laughing. That’s the end of the story.