Okay. The story is about a third-grade history teacher who decides to play the Oregon Trail with her kids as a way to get them involved, engaged in the material that she’s teaching them. Obviously, the Oregon Trail was an important time in US history. Pioneers were traveling from the East Coast to basically the West Coast, to Oregon. Most of them were coming from Virginia, the upper Northeast or North/South Carolina, Tennessee, in that area, and they were going all the way cross-country into Oregon, which is why, I guess, it’s called the Oregon Trail. She decided to use a hybrid method to teach them the Oregon Trail, combining elements of the Oregon Trail video game, as well as Dungeons & Dragons where you have decisions and - you have to roll to see if those decisions, if the outcome is success or failure.
Anyway, she begins the game. She gives them all names. If I remember, they kept their first name and she gave them a last name of someone who had died on the actual Oregon Trail, and they had to choose occupations from that time period. As they began, she took them on a 40-block walk to get them to feel the way they felt back then. Forty blocks, I think she said it was around two miles. A pretty long walk for young kids. It’s certainly not the couple thousand mile walk that Oregon Trail was, but you couldn’t exactly have them do that. They begin to walk. They begin the Oregon Trail, and the kids are really getting into it. Someone asked early on “Could we die,” and she’s like, “I’m not sure. It’s possible. A lot of people did die,” and real quickly, that became one of the themes that she realized that the kids were really into was the danger. She was trying to keep it from being so dark, so scary, so traumatizing to the kids, but that was the part that the kids loved. In one case, a little girl named Katie had gotten sick, something about the wheels ran over her leg or something. I don’t recall. She was sick, got infected. She didn’t die but got infected. Then she had to roll to see if she was going to get better or worse, and the teacher is getting worried, “I’m going to traumatize these kids. I might get in trouble for making these kids think they went to an almost near-death experience.”
There’s another girl in the class who’s a doctor, and right before she rolled, she said, “Oh, wait. I’m a doctor. I can help.” So, she’d come up with her doctor bag, and they again roll to see if the doctor could cure. According to her rules, she would only die if they rolled a six, and she ended up rolling a three. The girl didn’t die and the class was just ecstatic, that there was a near-death experience, that they were so into it they were – again, it’s the danger, the thinking that they are in something that is potentially fatal that they enjoy so much. As a matter of fact, a couple of years later, the teacher runs into Katie, the same student, and after - “Hi. How are you doing?” Katie says, “Hey. Do you remember that I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” She’s like, “Yes, yes. I sure do.” That is the story, and I’m done.