All right. All right. It sounds like we have a current teacher or maybe a former teacher. It sounds like a former teacher who has transitioned to becoming a comedian, a stand-up comedian. This story is being told in a live setting, so she is speaking to an audience and you can hear laughter and reactions in the background. She's talking about when she used to teach a group of young kids, right? I believe it was third grade and it's time to discuss America's westward expansion, right? History and social studies and what not and geography, and she's talking about the Oregon Trail but not necessarily from a traditionally boring context or anything like that. She tries to make it exciting. Especially because they're kids, she introduces the very real element of death into their study of it. She tries [Laughter] to take them on a 40-block walk around the city, which I believe she said is about two miles. During the walk, one of the students said they're thirsty, so she kind of acted like, “We have found a stream. We should drink from it and replenish our water.” She tried to make it as real as possible for these students while also making it exciting. One way she made it a little bit more interesting was she used some of the game mechanics from Magic: The Gathering. I'm sorry, it wasn't Magic cards, it was Dungeons & Dragons, I believe, which introduces an element of dice. I'm not sure if Magic: The Gathering has dice or not, but this was definitely Dungeons & Dragons. I'm pretty sure there was a dice involved, and to get the students involved, again she had introduced that element of death before and that got them excited. “We could potentially die today,” or something like that, and that got them coming to class and figuring it out and learning about the Oregon Trail. There was one student who she described as [Laughter] having a voice like a smoker, Katie, I believe, who she rolled or she got called up. “Oh no, her legs are infected.” She's on the on the path to death. The children are sort of on the edge of their seats when one pipes up that, “Hey, I'm a doctor.” One of the kids says, “I'm a doctor. I can help you.” Everything ends up okay. She rolls the dice, so she ends up recovering. Everything's fine. This student in make-believe world, Katie, survives and the whole class is excited and cheering about it. I believe she described it as if it were the end of Apollo 13 or something. They pulled off a miraculous recovery. That went pretty well, but then she - she being the teacher - recalled seeing Katie I believe near Broadway several years later. I believe she was in ninth grade, so what is that? Maybe five or six years later. Katie says to the teacher, “Hey, remember that time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” The teacher says, “Yes. Yes, I do.” That was just pretty much the end of her story.  