Okay. So, in the second story I listened to, it was a comedian. She was telling a story and how she was a teacher of nine-year-olds, I think they’re in the second grade and she wanted to do some social studies stuff. She wanted to be really realistic so she combined the computer game Oregon Trail with Dungeons and Dragons and she had her class, basically, every day they would roll the dice and make choices and hopefully not die on the Oregon Trail. All of her students apparently wanted some danger and wanted to die on the Oregon Trail because that’s the only thing they asked about for weeks on end.
The first thing she did was since she was in New York City, she took the kids on a 40-block, two-mile walkthrough Manhattan in the Hudson River on the East Side or  whatever part of New York she’s in there, they walked 40 blocks. On the walking, one kid was like, “Geez, I’m thirsty.” She’s like, “On the Oregon Trail, there isn’t water fountains.” The kid says, “Well, there’s a water fountain right here.” So then she’s like, “Okay. We found a stream.” That was one crisis that she was existentially battling in her mind because she wanted to be realistic but what do we do, I don’t want to get called by a parent over my kid not being allowed to drink water. So, she pretended the water fountain was a stream and that was one crisis averted.
Every day they did this for weeks and weeks and weeks in her class, the kids just wanted somebody to die or at least come close to death. One day she had a kid, I believe her name is Katie, one of the choices was let’s roll the dice and see what you get and her legs got infected and everybody was wondering, even Katie, she’s like, “Am I going to die?” No, because one of the other people that was on the Oregon Trail party in her class, one of her students was a doctor. The doctor came in and saved Katie and her legs weren’t infected. Then later on, they adopted a wolf, a baby wolf because apparently, that was something else they wanted to do. They all got to Oregon successfully, believe it or not.
This lady also had previously done something with the pet rocks and something in her class but apparently, she was not prepared for how thrilled that her students would be - as nine-year-olds, or 10-year-olds in the second or third grade would be with dying on the Oregon Trail. Then at the end of the story, she said that she ran into Katie, the girl with the infected legs about six years later and that was all that Katie wanted to talk about. It was, “Remember the time that we played Oregon Trail and I almost died because my legs got infected with some sort of a bacteria.” So, that was heck of a story. Thankfully, my family was much more quiet in the second story than the first. I’m just trying to remember, was there anything else? This woman mentioned in her recounting this Oregon Trail thing. Not that I recall.
I’m trying to see. No, that was basically it. I think the second story was much easier to remember than the first story because there were elements of comedy and it didn’t feel as long as the first story but yes, that’s what this woman did. She was a teacher and then she became a comedian. Her kids apparently really liked the Oregon Trail and they liked the thought of dying. Now, I remember there was a snake oil salesman on the trail at some point, the kids didn’t understand what the hell a snake oil salesman was but she had to explained to them that they had been conned. I just remembered that detail. So, yes, I think that’s all I remember from the story. Thankfully, this experiment is almost over and the kids learn what a snake oil salesman was and  