This is a story told by a teacher, a social studies teacher teaching her class about the Oregon Trail, and for sure that's how she often turns her studies in the games. She brings up - there was some study using a puppet band, and their characters named like Caesar the Pizza or something. So she's like, “I'll have to do the Oregon Trail and need to make this little more historically accurate. How do I make this into a game?” So she gets the class to go on this walk. It's like a 40 block Manhattan walk, and she says about two miles to walk it up along  or something, I'm not sure about New York geography, but before that, she starts talking to her class and there’s an annoying kid named Alex. He's like, “What kind of game is this? Is it a dangerous game? Danger excites them, so they go back to the  to get them to teach them how it's like being on the trail because  walking. 
The Alex kid goes, “I wouldn't walk. I would ride in the wagon.” She tells him, “No, only the sick people and pianos go on the wagon.” She's debating about whether or not it's justifiable to deny the water fountains to the children because there's no water fountains on the Oregon Trail. She goes and pretends it's a stream, and she's wearing like a bonnet, but she made it from upholstery. So  them out, and I think before this, maybe it's after they select names that were like more historically accurate based on the people who have died or went on the Oregon Trail, maybe just went to die, I can't remember. So some people - the Alex kid is Alex Bacon, for example, like that was the last name of someone or the name of someone historical, and  your job, and all the girls want to be pop stars, but there are no pop stars on the Oregon Trail, so she made them select a farmer, or whatever else, maybe some doctors or something or hunters.
Everybody has their position and their name, and are on the Oregon Trail, and she's debating whether it's ethical or not to actually make these dangerous even though it's kind of a big part of it people dying on the Oregon Trail. She asks whether or not the audience she’s telling this to is familiar with the game Oregon Trail, not the video game, and she’s saying how she combined that with Dungeons & Dragons sort of dice rolling system for outcomes. So, one example was when they found a river. Do they hire a ferryman or do they forward the river, and then when you  if you don’t hire the ferryman, they chose to forward the river. So, how effective was in if they were all determined whether or not made it. She's worried now, this woman is worried that she's going to get in trouble because she kills one of the children because she put the threat, that this is dangerous game, and someone might die. That comes up a little later, there's an accident.
One of the student characters gets trapped underneath a wagon, and her name is Katie. The character’s name was like Catherine  or something, , and she gets pinned beneath the wagon that brakes or turns over something, and she gets infection in her legs. She survives the accident, but she gets an infection in her legs, and she rolls to see if the infection gets worse or better, and it gets worse, and the teacher released how this little girl is nine-year old, has a smoker’s rasp, and she’s like, “Die, die!” and everybody's getting all excited in the classroom because someone was about to die or something, but then this other girl pops up in the back and she' screams “I’m a doctor!” because she was playing a doctor, and she runs up, and she pretends  medical background, like she has a prop or something. They roll, and she’s like, “Okay, if you roll a six, then you die Katie, but otherwise, we’ll see.” She rolls, and she does like the little lucky thing, where you blow on your dice or you roll it in a funny way, and she's rolling, and some other kids are like “Roll again!” Anyway, she rolls and it's a three, so she survives and everybody's cheering, and she's like, “It's like the Apollo Mission, everybody was so excited.” 
Things continue, and they adopt a baby wolf through the game. Now, all the kids, the little third graders or whatever were like, “Aww, a baby,” make little noises, and they got to get to Oregon City in record time. She’s like, “It's not the Oregon Trail. There’s like 720 miles to go, but we got there in record time. It’s Amazon 2-day delivery to Oregon City because the teacher is getting tired of hosting the game, and they have a party and danced to September by Earth, Wind, & Fire which is not historically accurate as the teacher notes, and she's talking about like years later, she is in a  Broadway, I think, and she runs into the girl with the smoking rasp Katie, and she recognizes her instantly. She's been stretched out because she's like 9th grade, and said, “Oh, my gosh, how have you been?” Gives her a hug, she hugs her back, and she’s like, “Do you remember the time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” And that's the end of the story. 