Please recall the story in as much detail. You must recall for at least four minutes, will turn yellow once. [Pause] Okay. So, what had happened was a comedian was doing a bit where she was a third-grade social studies teacher. She told about a time in a third-grade class that her students were going to learn about the Oregon Trail. She likes to be interactive like a puppet master with the kids when doing stuff. So, she made the Oregon Trail, printed out names of those that died in real life on the Oregon Trail and those that lived, and she assigned them to the kids. The way they played was they did it like D&D, where they roll a dice, like in Dungeons & Dragons. There was a kid named Alex who was a smart alec, and he would always be like, “Is someone going to die? Is there danger?” He was really excited about that, but as they went on the Oregon Trail, kids were always asking about if there's danger or not. They rolled eventually. They rolled a dice to see if someone was in danger. This girl, Katie, she had been trapped under the wagon and she rolled badly again to where her legs got deceased, but thankfully, another student yelled, “I am a doctor,” and she rolled to see if she could save her. She rolled a three instead of a six. A six would’ve meant death. Katie, who's Oregon Trail name is Katherine, survived. Later, the teacher says there's noises in the bushes. In the bushes, she actually planned for there to be danger in there, but she ended up taking that away and changing it to an injured puppy wolf. The kids went, “Aw.” Yes. After that, the teacher actually runs into the girl that was trapped under the wagon named Katherine, who's in ninth grade now. She ran up to the teacher and said, “Do you know? Remember when I almost died in the Oregon Trail?” After that, they both hugged and laughed. Earlier, before they started the story, she had the kids walk like 40 blocks in the neighborhood. Yes. They were like complaining. Like, “Can we have water?” The teacher said there weren't any water fountains in the Oregon Trail, but as the teacher said, she was scared that the parents wouldn't really be okay with depriving their kids of water. So, she gave them water. Then, yes, that's pretty much all I can remember. 