The story was a funny story about a third-grade teacher that combined Dungeons & Dragons with the old-school video game, Oregon Trail. She was doing it in an attempt to teach her class about the states and the historic relevance of the Oregon Trail journey. So, she created this whole game using Dungeons & Dragons mechanics, and the initial engagement from the class was very positive. In order to prepare them for the actual journey and the game, she took them on a 40-block hike, which is about two miles. Along the way, she was trying to immerse the class as much as she could, so things like water, where there's no water bottles, there's no water fountains on the trail. There's a funny story about how a kid asked some water, and she said, “Well, there’s no water fountains on the trail,” but she quickly brought that back, withdrew that, and realized she doesn't want to get in trouble for denying a kid water, so she said, “Oh, look there's a stream.” Anyways, they continue playing the game. The time isn’t specified, and the class loves it, and every day they are immersed and engaged in their social studies class, and what really excites them is the possibility of death. After some time, she feels compelled to give them the death experience, I guess. And so, there's a player or someone in the class, Catherine Chubbuck, who gets all the story - the accounting states that she - someone in the class was trapped under a wagon. The wagon broke. They were crossing the river and the wagon wheel broke off and trapped one of the students underneath the wagon. They rolled to see who it was, and this girl, Catherine Chubbuck, had her leg stuck under the wagon. And so, they rolled to see if she would survive. The teacher didn't want to kill one of the classmates, and have a difficult student teacher conference because of it, so she rolled that back and decided that her leg got infected. The students loved it, they were very engaged, and so they rolled again to see if she died, and the only possibility of her dying would be if she rolled a three. So, the class was engaged, they - it was an uproar. Catherine was going to roll the dice, and one of the students said, “No, roll it again.” So, she rolled and she survived. Well, no. Her leg got infected further, but then, one of the other students, I don't recall the name, was a doctor. I think it was Mrs. Chapman, I think was her character name. She came with the great plan of, “Oh, I’m a doctor,” and so she healed the infection, and Chubbuck survived. The story before that, or a part before that was she presented a snake oil salesman and – because the students have never heard of a snake oil salesman, they were offered snake oil that would make their journey - they would make everyone participating, stronger, they’d be quicker to get to Oregon. Not having any experience with what snake oil is, the students, of course, bought the snake oil, and one of the students ended up getting sick and threw up - their character got sick and threw up - and they loved it. Let's see. Some other events that she mentions. They made it to Oregon. They did some homesteading activities, like baking bread, setting up a settlement. All in all, it’s a great story. It’s very funny, very engaging. Then, years later, she ran into the student, Catherine Chubbuck, in New York on Broadway, I believe she said - yes, Broadway. She approached the teacher and she said, “Do you remember when I almost died in Oregon Trail? In the Oregon Trail game?” Of course, she remembered. It was great. It’s a very funny story, very inspired by the teacher. I mean, this is definitely a great way to keep students engaged. Anyways, 