It’s the last day of third grade, and the teacher is trying to explain the Oregon Trail to her students, but she can’t explain the Oregon Trail because it’s complicated and long and they’re third graders, so she decides to make a game out of it. Then, Alex Bacon, I think he asked if it was going to be a game so the teacher goes along with it. So, they’re on their way to the Oregon Trail, and they’re doing this activity outside. They’re walking outside in Manhattan pretending like they’re walking to the Oregon Trail, and it’s a 40-block walk which is long, but long to the third graders and it’s a beautiful day out. 
Then, Alex Bacon says, “I would have been in a wagon if this were the Oregon Trail, but there is no wagon.” Then, another kid says, “I want water,” but then the teacher doesn’t want to deal with the parents’ phone calls depriving the kid of water so she says, “That a stream.” The kid gets water, and then at one point, they start rolling dice to see how the game is going to go because the teacher also decided that it was going to be a dangerous game. So, they roll the dice, and one of the kids, Catherine something, Chapman, she gets hurt from the while she’s on the Rockies on the way to the Oregon Trail, and then the teacher doesn’t know what to do. So, she says, “Roll again,” to see what happens. The kid rolls again. The teacher said, “Roll again to see if you’re going to get better or worse.” The kid rolls the dice again and then says, “You’re going to get worse,” and then suddenly, another kid jumps up and goes, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” Then, at this point, the teacher is confused because she didn’t think they would get that far into the game. The other kid who’s a doctor, I think that one was named Catherine, I can’t remember, but she rolls the dice and then the other kid gets better so everyone’s clapping. Actually, I don’t think it was a kid who got hurt. The teacher decided that they found a baby animal on the side of the road. They were deciding between a wolf, a bunny, and something else. They decided on a wolf named Yenny Benny, and all the kids went, “Aww!” Then the wolf lived forever, and then so the doctor fixes it, whatever, and then eventually the 720 miles to the Oregon Trail goes by faster than expected, like Amazon Prime according to the teacher. Then, recently, the teacher describes how she was walking along Broadway and then she runs into the kid who was a doctor, and she looks the same and she was just stretched out, taller, and the kid says they both recognize each other, and then the kid says, “Remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Then they laugh about it. 