 trying to teach the Oregon Trail, but these are third grade kids so they don't really understand the westward expansion that well so she tried to make it into a game. On the first day of class, she gave roles to these kids. While the kids had their own roles and they chose a name and occupation  current or back in the day so she made them choose again, and some were farmers and some were doctors and other occupations back in the day. She made them walk in Manhattan, I think, for 40 blocks which is like two miles, and it's not a lot for adults but it's a lot for kids, but she was trying to recreate how hard it was to walk the Oregon Trail.  incorporate like Dungeons & Dragons and like  if something happens, you roll a dice to see what will happen next, and also she wears her bonnet to get into character. The second part, she wore her bonnet and she basically was like, "Okay, we're going to cross this stream. You have to roll the dice to see whether if you sink or not," and I don't remember what happened exactly but basically they roll the dice to see if they could cross the stream or not. Then afterwards, she went on to the next part which was the snake oil salesman, and these kids don't really know what snake oil salesman is, and I don't know either, but apparently, I think it's just someone who sells elixirs. The kids have to roll the dice again and find out whether the elixir was safe or not safe, and they roll the dice and they found out that the elixir was poison and they vomit. For some reason, the kids were very excited but that was the conclusion of a second part. The third part, it gets a little bit more dramatic. Apparently, the teacher decided to go a little bit step further and was like, "Okay. The kids really like the dangers," and she decided to incorporate an unfortunate scene. So, there, she's pretending that they're on a wagon and someone gets trapped in the wagon and then she rolls the dice to see who gets trapped in the wagon, and it's this girl called Katie. Katie gets trapped in the wagon and she tells Katie, "You have to roll the dice to see ." Her name is called Catherine, but that's not important. Basically, she has to roll the dice to see whether or not she is saved, she rolled the dice, and then she finds out that her legs are stuck.  tells her again, "You have to roll the dice again to see whether or not your legs will be saved," and she rolls the dice and it says, "Oh, your legs not going be saved."  She didn't expect it to be this far so I had to get the story to get this deep so they didn’t know what to do next until someone in the class who was a doctor was like, "Oh, I could help," so she was like, "Thank goodness we can actually move on from this."  she says that, "Okay. If you land on six, you will die. If not, then you survive," so it gets a little bit dramatic. Everyone is like holding their breath, and then she rolls the dice and she rolls on a three, which means she survived so everyone was really happy, and then she decided that no more danger – actually, there was one more part like the next day she was like, "Okay. There's this like wild animal in the bushes," and the kids have to roll the dice to see whether it's a danger - like if it's a bunny, if it's a wolf, I think, and they find out that it's a wolf and they decided – well, they rolled the dice again and they adopted it. I think they named it Yenny Benny, and then afterwards, she decided just to make the trail really smooth so nothing happens from the Rockies to Oregon, so it went smoothly. Then later on, she bumps into Katie and  up, so basically the first thing that Katie said to the teacher was, "Oh, do you remember that time that I almost died," and said teacher says, "Of course I remember that." That was the end of the story. 