So, a third grade teacher starts and I’m pretty sure she might be like a comedian or something because you can hear people laughing in the background and it definitely sounds like she’s speaking to mic, but she’s a third-grade teacher and she’s recalling her time teaching her students about the Oregon Trail. She said before when she would try to teach her kid – teach her kids, she would try to utilize different kind of food elements. I think she mentioned like Caesar or something-something. Obviously, she knows it’s not really a very interesting topic to teach to kids so she was trying to think of like the most unique way to go about. 
I think she mentioned there was a kid named Alex Bacon or something that likes to challenge her a lot, and she decided to take her 3rd grade kids on a two-mile hike, and it was like 40 blocks in Manhattan on the west - on the West Side Highway or along the West Side Highway, and along the trail - I mean, obviously, they’re pretending that they’re going down the Oregon Trail, and I think it was Alex Bacon or something. They stopped. There was a water fountain of some sort and he said like, “Oh, can we use it?” And she tried to come up with a bunch of different excuses along the way anytime someone asked something more of like from this time period, that she had to come up with different unique responses like the water fountain thing, I think, she said something about like, “Oh, yeah, we found a stream. Go for it.” And then she also gave all of her students different names that would have been applicable during the Oregon Trail and each of them got different personas and one of them - I think she said like she made them roll dice or something to determine whether or not they die - they survived or died. There’s a girl. I think her name was like Katie or something and she rolled and everyone was kind of patiently waiting like, “Oh, did you roll a six? Are you going to die?” and she didn’t. And then she ran into that girl in the – in like a few years later when she’s in 9th grade and she remembered that little exercise that they did. 
What else? What did they also do? They sure well just tried to make it extremely engaging for her students. She made lot of different jokes about like not wanting to get different phone calls from parents being like, “Hey, you didn’t allow my kid to drink from the water fountain.” There’s another time when they’re walking and there’s like a rustling of some animal in the bushes. I think the kids named - she said it was like a baby animal that they had to take care of and they named it some strange name and it was a wolf but they named it some strange name. 
What else? What else? What else? What did they also do? I honestly think that’s all I remember as of right now. Yes.  