Okay. So, our narrator is telling us about when she was teaching the third grade and that she always does some sort of interactive project. This time, it’s going on the Oregon Trail. So, her kids are very excited and she tells them it’s going to be dangerous which makes them even more excited. First day, she makes them walk two miles or 40 blocks and they ask for water and she decides to let them have the water by saying it’s a convenient stream.
The premise of the game is like Dungeons & Dragons style like rolling the dice to find out what happens next and they all get their own Oregon Trail last names that she found from real people who died on the Oregon Trail. They all have these characters with occupations. The girls want to pop stars but she tells them they have to be farmers and stuff like that so they all have their own character. There, walking the Oregon Trail and she’s coming up with these scenarios. For example, they encounter a snake oil salesman but kids don’t know what a snake oil salesman is. She compares it to taxes, they just don’t know what it is. They buy the snake oil and they roll the dice and find out what happens. What happens is they all get really, really sick and they lose a day of travel.
The kids really like it because they were like, “I got to throw up in social studies class today.” So, they’re into it and so then they keep going and the scenarios keep going. Then, one of the ones - they always asked if something dangerous is going to happen and she’s like, “We’ve been lucky so far but when we hit the Rockies, it’ll get more dangerous.” So, when they get to the Rockies, she comes up with this scenario in which one of the kids is trapped under a wagon. They roll the dice and find out who’s trapped under the wagon and it’s this little girl named Katie. 
Our narrator is getting nervous that she introduced this really dark scenario and that she could get in trouble for freaking the kids out or something. They roll the dice and it turns out she gets out from under the wagon but she’s injured and the injury gets infected. She doesn’t know what to do because it looks like this girl’s character is going to die. Then, one of the kid was like, “Wait, I’m a doctor,” and she comes to the front and they roll to find out if she, the doctor, is able to heal her. It’s like if she rolls a six, she dies. Then, she rolls and it’s a three so she survives. So then, the kids celebrate. She compares it to the movie Apollo 13 where they were like throwing things and jumping around and hugging each other. It’s like it’s a big hit and they keep going and they keep playing.
She finds out that they really like the sort of elevated danger of the situations and that they’re kind of eating it up even though the narrator is worried that this is not appropriate for the children. They keep going and they pass certain settlements and stuff. She came to a scenario in which there’s rustling in the bushes and she says it’s an injured animal. They adopt the injured animal and take care of it. They continued along the Oregon Trail with the scenarios. Then, years later, she runs into her student Katie on the street and the student is like, they recognize each other, Katie looks exactly the same but taller. They hug. Katie immediately says, “Do you remember the time I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” And that’s the end. 