Okay. So, it was the end of the third grade. It was the last unit. The last unit was the Oregon Trail and the story is from the perspective of the teacher. The last unit is the Oregon Trail. She said that previously, her history class, she likes to do them with games. She likes to treat the kids like they’re like puppets and so she likes to do games with them. Recently, one of the other games which she took letters from an animal rock band or something of the sorts, and some other games, she had characters named Cheesy or - it was very creative games.
Now, with the Oregon Trail, she didn’t know what to do because she was like, “How do you really explain the westward expansion and all the impact it had to third graders when third graders don’t even want to know the point of view of their little sister, like want to side with their little sister?” Something along those lines, the narrator said. Basically, in class, one of the smartest students, Alex had asked, “How are we going to be learning about the Oregon Trail?” He said, “Is it going to be a game?” because she always does games with them. She said, “Yes, it’s going to be a dangerous game.” So, this whole dangerous game thing really got them excited. 
She really wanted the class to know how the Oregon Trail felt so she made them walk 40 blocks up Manhattan on the West side up the Hudson River. On that walk, Alex had explained that he would have been on the wagon and he wouldn’t have to do this long walk. Then she explained, “No, he wouldn’t, because the only people allowed on the wagon are people who are sick or the crops and stuff that they had.” Some other kid complained about how he’s thirsty. She says, “Well, there was no water fountains on the Oregon trail.” So then, he says, “But there’s water fountains here.” She lets him drink the water and making up that that’s a spring because she didn’t want to get a call saying that she was a bad teacher because she didn’t let her kids drink water.
From the walk, she’s thinking about how to make the Oregon Trail into this game and she thinks about chance, like the Oregon Trail game. Basically, you roll the dice and it determines if the action that you partake in ends up being positive or negative. For example, if you meet a person, does something positive happen, or does something negative happen? She also said that she gave them names of people that died on the Oregon Trail. So for example, Alex was like Alex Bacon. She also said that they had jobs, careers that people had in the Oregon Trail. Other girls wanted to be pop stars, but then she explained that no one was a pop star during the Oregon Trail, so they had farmers and doctors and gold miners and stuff like that.
So basically, they begin this game. They go through a lot of rolling the dice and chance. The teacher’s character in the game is Mary and she wears a bonnet, and she’s really into this game. One of the situations where that they come across a snake oil person, basically a con, and he’s selling an elixir. They roll the dice and they get the elixir and then they roll the dice again to see what happens when they drink the elixir. Basically, the elixir is negative, so they start vomiting and they have to wait a whole day out from walking the Oregon Trail. She said that she thought they were going to be upset. They were actually excited and they were talking about how they were throwing up during social studies.
After that, they kept enjoying this dangerous aspect of the game, and they kept asking, “When is someone going to die?” “When is someone going to die?” So, she had to make it up, find or make a situation where someone dies. The caravan hits the edge of something and the top was over a person, she rolls the dice to find out who the person was. Person ends up being a girl in the back of the class named little Katie. She’s small, she says her hands always messed up and her voice is like as if she’s been smoking since she was three. Little Katie in the game, her name is Catherine. Catherine rolls the dice. She ends up living, her legs are injured. She rolls the dice again and her legs don’t get better and get infected. Then, she rolls the dice again and it says that her infection got worse.
There, the teacher didn’t know what else to do because she was realizing how morbid this was getting and dark. Suddenly, one of the girls in the back of the classroom named Alice was like, “Oh, my God, I’m a doctor. I can help her.” The teacher’s like, “Okay, if Catherine rolls a six, then she dies. If she rolls anything else, then she stays alive.” So, Catherine, thankfully, rolls a three. Everyone’s excited. She says the class had acted as if Apollo three had happened and they were cheering and, “Whoop! Whoop! Whoop!”
Basically, the game comes to end and they make it to Oregon City. There they start a homestead. They dance to - they make cornbread and they dance to the song September by Wind, Fire, whatever that group’s name is. Yes. Basically, it was a good time, that game. She said that recently she had seen little Katie on Broadway and they recognized each other. Now, Katie is in ninth grade. She says she looks the same but just stretched. The first thing that Katie had asked her was if she remembered how she almost died on the Oregon Trail, and the teacher had laughed and said, “Yes, Katie, I do.”