So, she was a teacher, a social studies teacher of third grade. In class, she’s going to discuss the Oregon Trail with her students which was a serious and complicated time in American history but she didn’t know how it was going to go when she was explaining the events to these nine-year-olds because how can nine-year-olds really understand what was happening. So, she wanted to do something, play a game with the kids so that they can feel like it was real. She told them that they were going to be discussing the Oregon Trail and then they were like, “Is it going to be a game?” Then she was like, “Yes, it’s going to be a game.” She was like, “A dangerous game.”
She was going to do a simulation. She did a simulation where they were going to travel the Oregon Trail and she wanted them to come up with names, but it couldn’t be any name, it has to be a name that would have been common in that time. They can keep their first name but their last name has to be one that was common in the time. Then, she told them to choose an occupation. All the girls wanted to be pop stars. She was like, “No, there was no pop stars in that time.” So, they can’t be pop stars and she said to choose a more authentic occupation. 
First, they went on 40 block walk in Manhattan on the West Side to feel how it felt to walk the Oregon Trail. The children were like, “Well…” No, this one guy, he was like, “We should have went in the wagon,” and then she was like, “No, the children didn’t go in the wagon. If you were carrying heavy stuff, that’s what went in the wagon.” Then, the children were like they’re thirsty and then she was like, “No, there was no water in the Oregon Trail.” One of the children was like, “Well, there’s a water fountain right there.” She didn’t want to seem like a bad teacher so she came up with this bright idea and said, “Oh, it’s a stream,” and they got water from the stream.
So, yes, her previous games were all fiction but she wanted this one to be more real and dangerous so she designed a game of chance. It was like the Oregon Trail video game mixed with Dungeons & Dragons. So, when she went into class, every time she was teaching about it, she put on this bonnet and she was Mary. When the first time she started discussing it, the children asked if they could die in the game. She was like, “Yes, people died all the time in the Oregon Trail so someone might die.” When she said that, all the children got excited.
Something came up about a snake oil salesman but since they were nine-year-olds, they don’t really know what a snake oil thing was so they bought the snake oil thinking that it would help them to go faster but it was actually a con. She told them that since it was a con, that it would actually make them go slower. Go slower because they would be like throwing up, but instead of like being sad and angry that they were slowed down, they were like – the children were excited because they actually got to throw up in class.
Another time, someone asked, “Is anyone going to die today?” when they started discussing the Oregon Trail again. This time, she was like, “Yes, someone could die,” because they’re almost approaching somewhere. I don’t remember. Then, Katie got trapped under a wagon and she made her roll to see if she would get freed or not. When she rolled, she said that, yes, she got freed but her legs were infected. She rolled again to see if the infection will get better or worse. When she rolled, the infection got worst.
The teacher started panicking because she’s like, “I don’t really know where else to go from here.” So, Katie asked her if she would die and if they would have like a funeral at the side of the road and she didn’t know how to answer because she didn’t want to kill off her students and seem like a bad teacher. Then, this girl named Ellis, she was actually Doctor Chapman. She was like, “Oh, I’m a doctor.” So, she came to help Katie and how they did this was they rolled again and if they rolled a six, only if she rolled a six, then Katie would die but anything else, she would be alive. She ended up rolling a three, so she’s alive.
She saw all the kids loved the danger of the game and she was the only one that was panicked about it and was worrying about it. The next day, she came back in and she was tired of all the danger so she made them adopt a baby wolf and they named it Yenny the Benny, and they arrived and threw a party. A couple years later, she ran into Katie but she was now in the ninth grade, and Katie asked her if she remembered when she almost died on the Oregon Trail.
That’s all I remember. 