So, the story starts with this lady telling us that she was a third grade teacher and that she was about to teach her students about the Oregon Trail, and then she goes on to tell us that whenever she’s doing these lessons, she always makes these stories or games to help make it more fun for students. Like when they were learning about the 50 states, she had a rock band who was like - they had to help while learning about 50 states, like help travel around. She also did letters and stuff like that they would have to respond to, all this to make it more engaging. So, now it’s time for the Oregon Trail and she was going to do the same thing where she was going to make a story game aspect, but the thing is that - she mentions that she’s not very much able to teach the emotional complexities and some of the difficulties of the Oregon Trail to these third graders because they’re nine years old, and for them, it’s hard for them to even understand what their siblings argument is whenever they fight. So, it comes time to tell the stories that she’s prepared a lot. She’s got this very, very elaborate story type thing planned. She walks in the class. She makes all of the students create alter egos. There’s a kid named Alex who she wants to take down a peg because he’s like a smart aleck.  She makes him pick all of these old-timey names, so it was like their first name plus an older 1800s last name. They also picked careers, and apparently, a lot of the girls wanted to be pop stars, but obviously, there are no pop stars in that time, so they picked careers like farmers, hunters, doctors, all of those kind of things. Then to help make it more realistic and to help really convey to these students how difficult it was, she takes all of them on a 40-block walk on the West Side along the Hudson. They’re all struggling. It’s only two miles. It’s not a lot for most people but it is for, obviously, nine-year-olds. So, during this walk, they come across – Alex, the smart aleck, says that, “If I was on the Oregon Trail, I would just ride in the wagon.” She says that, “No, you would not because the wagon was reserved for people who are sick and the supplies.” So, they’re still on their way and another kid says they need water. She was about to say, well, they didn’t really have water that they could drink on the Oregon Trail, but obviously, she doesn’t want to get an angry call from a parent saying that “You stopped my kid from getting water.” So, when she says that, “Oh, they didn’t have water on the Oregon Trail,” the kid says, “Oh, we do. There’s a water fountain right there.” We don’t have water on the Oregon Trail. There’s a water fountain right there. So, she stops for a second and goes, “Look, we stopped by a stream,” and then all of them go and get water before then making their way back to the classroom. It becomes this very large spectacle every single day where it’s a mixture of Dungeons & Dragons rolling the dice to see if they fail or succeed along with the Oregon Trail video game. Every single day, when they start class, she’ll tell them what happened the last day on the trail and they’ll have to roll and make decisions and so on and so forth. When this happens, the teacher will put on a bonnet that she made with random upholstery, and first time when she did it, she says, “My name is Mary. I am your wagon leader. We’re about to go on the Oregon Trail.” These kids are really excited and really want danger. Alex is the one that says like, “Is it going to be dangerous?” She’s very reluctant to put them in perilous danger or to kill anyone, but eventually, all these students keep asking if someone is going to die. Eventually, it gets to the point where she’s like, “Okay, we’ll see if someone’s going to die,” or put them in a perilous situation. So, they are on the thing and she says, “Oh, someone’s legs have been strapped underneath the wagon.” She rolls the dice and they have the thing where each number on the dice corresponds to a student. She rolls the dice. It’s a small girl named Katie who apparently is very small and has messy hair. It sounds like she smokes cigarettes since she was three years old. So, Katie comes up to the front and Mary, the wagon leader/teacher, tells her to roll for her to see if she gets out safe. She rolls and she ended up getting out, being freed, but her legs were infected. So, the teacher tells Katie to roll again and to see if they get worse. They do. All of a sudden, it was happening, Katie was afraid that she’s going to be dead and the teacher is worried that she’s going to get an email or a call from parents that said, “Why would you kill my kid?” A girl from the very back shouts - named Ellis, Dr. Ellis - jumps up and yells, “I’m a doctor.” So, the doctor, while she’s getting her medical supplies and coming up to the front of the classroom, rolls and she says that Katie will live, she will get better as long as you don’t roll a six. If you roll a six, Katie dies. So, with bated breath, the entire classroom is watching while Ellis rolls a three. So, Katie lives, everything is good, they make their way. This moment was such a point of tension, like all the kids loved it. They loved this sense of danger that was being created, but it ends weighing on the teacher because she doesn’t want to keep bringing them in these pairs of situations because she doesn’t want to get a call from parents. So, the next day, she dons her bonnet and she tells them that they’re super far away from Oregon City. They’re not going to make it in time, anytime, really. So, on this day, they meet – there’s a ruffling in the bushes, it’s an animal, and Alex, whose name is Alex Bacon, asks if it’s a wild animal. It was supposed to be yes, but she says it’s one that they’re going to keep as a pet, it’s a baby animal, and everyone coos much like they would. They then rolled to see what it had been. It’s a baby wolf. This baby wolf then accompanies them on their entire journey there. They end up making it to Oregon in record time. They made it there faster than anyone really should have. Essentially, this unit is over, but it was this unit, during that time, was the talk of the school. Everyone was talking about it, this Oregon Trail game. Then fast forward a couple of years, the teacher is on Broadway and she sees Katie who’s now in ninth grade, and they see each other and they say hello. The teacher recognizes Katie and Katie recognizes her, too. They hugged, and the first thing that Katie says to her is, “Do you remember when I almost died in the Oregon Trail?” So, yes, that’s where the story ends. I’m done.