There is a ninth-grade teacher or there is a third-grade teacher who has nine-year-olds in her class. She is teaching Social Studies. She wants to teach the students about the Oregon Trail. So, she run simulations using puppets first and then she does a 20-block walk through Manhattan to simulate how long the Oregon Trail would take in reality. Then, she ends up using the method of teaching them the Oregon Trail video game, but in a story method. She uses dice to simulate the chance of encounters in the Oregon Trail. The teacher describes the puppets as Cheesy Von and something. She describes one student in particular called Alex Bacon who is very excited by the danger of the Oregon Trail. He wants to know what kind of dangers lie ahead such as the dangerous animals or if anyone is going to die in the class. So, the teacher excited by this - the teacher comes up with an idea to make one of her students die. So, she comes into class one day with a bonnet on her head and says, “One of you students will die today or something along those lines.” The kids light up with excitement. So, she rolls the dice to figure out which kid it is. It's a kid named Katie. Her Oregon Trail name is Catherine Chubbuck. So, she gets trapped under a wagon, and then her infection gets worse. Then, the teacher realizes she hasn't thought this through. So, one of the students in the back comes up and says, “I'm a doctor.” Her name is Alice. So, Alice has to roll anything - Katie has to roll anything other than a six to live. So, she does. So, the teacher’s relieved, and then, the next day she comes in. Puts the bonnet on her head and says something along the lines of, “We encountered a dangerous animal.” When she sees the kids light up with excitement, she realizes that she was the only one that was scared of the danger. The kids were excited by the danger. So, she says the wild animal is actually a hurt baby fox, and that her baby fox is named by the class. The teacher has - six years have passed, and Katie was in 9th grade when the teacher saw her on the streets again. She had the same messy hair. When the teacher sees Katie, Katie first asked her, “Do you remember when I died on the Oregon Trail?” The setting of the narrator seems to be in a comedy routine or some kind of stand up. It's a recollection of past events. Some of them may be exaggerated such as taking kids out to walk for 20 blocks just to simulate the Oregon Trail. 