Okay. So, for this story, I think it’s in the format of a teacher or a former teacher in a comedy show about - and telling a specific story of when she was teaching. So, she starts by saying that there was a specific year where she was teaching third grade, and it was near the end of the year. They were on the last unit and the unit was the Oregon Trail. So, she explains how she doesn’t really know how do you do the Oregon Trail that is in a way that is interesting, exciting, and doesn’t quite go into all the detail and enough way to scar third graders by still telling the humanity of the story, or of the history, rather. So, she says that she wants to be able to demonstrate what it meant to be on the Oregon Trail or the danger, the snow, the hunger, and the gravity without - to ninth grade, I mean to third graders, who don’t exactly have the empathy, or the brain, the knowledge to understand what that might have been like. So, she explains that she begins devising a plan, making a game. A game is which how she taught the class, how she kept the kids engaged into the story of the history that she was sharing, as it was a social studies class. So, she says that she begins thinking of a way that she can bring the Oregon Trail to life in a game for the third graders. So, she starts by emphasizing just how long it was, being over 2,000 miles and going away and walking that long. So, she says she was working in Manhattan at this time. So, she takes the third graders, her class of third graders, on a 40-minute - or no, a 40-block walk through Manhattan. So, they walk on the West Side near the Hudson, and as they’re walking, the kids are asking questions. It’s a lot. It’s two miles, which isn’t that much, but a lot for a third grader. They ask like - one of the smart-aleck kids that she refers to as Alex, she says that he says, “Well, I’ll just send the wagon,” and she says, “No. The wagon was for all of your items or if somebody was sick. It’s not for children.” Then somebody else says, “Well, I’m thirsty. I want to drink water,” and she responds that there wasn’t any water on the trail. This nine-year-old who’s a third grader says, “But there’s a water fountain right there.” She remarks comedically over how - thinking over like she can’t deny this kid water, not to get that phone call from a parent, so she says, “Oh, look. A stream. Let us drink water from there.” Then later, she starts talking about how she started to think about how she would lead them through the Oregon Trail in a game-like fashion. So, she devised a plan to emphasize the series of chance that occurs when you’re traveling for very long and you don’t have that many resources, you’re so far from home, you’re going to a new world, Westward Expansion as it is. So, she says that she got up on it, named herself the trail leader, I believe, named Mary. That she researched names of people who were actually on the Oregon Trail and gave those last names to the students. So, Alex was Alex Bacon, for example, and that they begin the trail. So, she did the game and it’s very similar to Dungeons & Dragons where you would roll a dice. So, she was the Dungeon Master in a way, explaining the rules, the setup, and what would occur. They could make choices, and then based on rolls of dice, they would figure out whether or not that choice was a good choice or a bad choice. These nine-year-olds were very excited by the dangerous aspect because obviously, it’s a unique and interesting part of the history for them. She explains how they used to ask, “Is it possible,” or I think Alex may have said this, “Is it possible that somebody could die?” or “Is it dangerous?” or “Is what we’re doing dangerous?” Eventually, she says, “It all comes to a head,” when they are nearing the Rockies. This one girl, and they explain that, “Oh, a wagon has fell.” She explains that a wagon has fell over or the wagon has fell over, and – oh, sorry, just to go back for a sec. One of the examples she gives of a possible choice that they could make was if the wagon can go through a stream, or if they pay somebody, and then they would have to roll and make a decision on whether or not they would make that choice. One of the examples that she gives other than the wagon and the stream, is that they ran into a snake oil salesman, which she explains is a con man. Of course, they don’t know a con man or what a con man is or that he would be a con man. They just think it’s an adult thing like taxes. That’s what she says. This snake oil salesman is selling them the product, an elixir that will make them stronger and faster and get them to Oregon faster and in less time. So, they agree and they buy it. She says, “You’ve been conned,” and after they realized, I think she says, “You’ve been conned and now, you’ll spend - and you have lost a day of your journey. You’re going to spend the day vomiting.” She said that she thought they would be annoyed or irritated by the fact that they were tricked, but instead, they were excited by the danger in that. The fact that they vomited in social studies, and that it was something unique and interesting and exciting about the course. Okay. So, going back to where I was before. So, she explains that there’s one time where a wagon falls over and they have to roll the dice to see. Oh, it falls on somebody; who does it fall on? It falls on this one girl, it’s a young girl, Katie, who is named during the Oregon Trail as Catherine Chubbuck - that’s not her actual last name, but just the last name. It falls in her number, and then Catherine Chubbuck is like, “Am I going to die,” and the woman who’s telling the story, the teacher, she explains that she was having all these thoughts of, “Oh my God. Where is this story going? I shouldn’t have planned it like this,” et cetera. She says, “Well, roll to see if you get free or you don’t.” Then she gets free from the wagon, but her legs are infected. Then the teacher says, “Well, roll to see if your legs are infected or if something happens.” As she’s thinking of this possible rolling, one of the other students in the class speaks up and says, “I’m a doctor,” and it’s this young girl, Alice, who was a doctor, Alice Chapman. She says, “I’m a doctor, I can help.” So, the teacher, she says that she feels saved by this, that she doesn’t have to explain this in a parent conference. So, Alice comes up and she says, “Okay, Alice. Roll to see if you can save her or not,” and she saves her. The teacher explains how there’s such excitement, but they actually survived, and there’s hugging and laughing and throwing papers, et cetera. She says at that point, there was still 700 miles left of the Oregon Trail, and she was very tired of going through this tumultuous turmoil process or intense process, rather. So, she says that instead, so when she comes in the next day and they’re like, “Is something” - and Alex says, “Is something dangerous happening?” When she explains that, there’s some the sound of animals in bushes nearby. He says, “Is it wild animals? Is it dangerous? Are we going to die?” She says at that moment, she was like, “No, I couldn’t.” She initially slotted it to be wild animals and she could have given them what they want, but she says, “No, it’s a baby animal.” Then they roll to see what baby animal it is. It’s a baby wolf that they name Yeti something or Yanni. I don’t exactly remember. Then she explains that they happily make it with little to no problems to the rest of Oregon with their baby wolf that they have adopted and that the unit ends, and everything is happy and good. Then she says she actually recently ran into Catherine Chubbuck or Catherine, Katie from the class and on the streets of Manhattan. Catherine, who is now a ninth grader who looks the same, if not a little bit, if not taller, of course, and she says that she recognizes Catherine. Catherine recognizes her. They say hello, exchange pleasantries, and Catherine says, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Then the woman, she laughs and she says, “Yes, I do.” That’s how her retelling ends. 