Okay. So, in the story I just heard it was an old teacher talking about one of her lessons on The Oregon Trail. This teacher’s teaching strategy was to create almost like a play or like an interactive game with her students about whatever they're learning. So, they were learning with The Oregon Trail and everything that happened on it and how long it was. She was like, “I used to have a - I start in a little rock band, and they would write letter, kids would write letters, I would write letters back.” The way she taught The Oregon Trail this time was a bit different than her normal teaching strategies. She created this whole play type thing. They start off by picking names, and she mentioned this one student, his name is Alex. On the trail he's known as Alex Bacon. She was like, “Oh, he's a little smartass.” I thought that was funny. She had all the students pick their names, and they were authentic of the time, and they had to pick their careers which were also authentic at the time. Then to make them understand how much these people actually walked, she had them walked 40 blocks up on the west side of the Hudson. They were in third grade, so they're nine years old, I think, fourth grade, nine-year-olds. So, she had them walk up and they want water and they wanted to not have to walk and all this other stuff. So, that's what she did. They came back and she started them off on this big whole trip. Then they were told about the trail, and they had to roll dice to figure out what happens and how far they go and all of this other stuff in one day, - oh, the kids were really interested in dying for some reason and the danger behind it all. Apparently, every single day they'd ask like, “Oh, are we going to die? Are we going to die?” So, she let them almost have, in her words “a brush with death” or something like that. There was this little girl, her name was Katie. She was a farmer and apparently her legs in this whole play type game got trapped under a wagon. They have to roll to figure out whether or not she got free. She ends up getting free and then she almost - she have an infection. They were like, “Oh my god. She's going to die.” Then she keeps rolling. Then there was a little girl in the back of the classroom, her name was Alice. She was like, “I'm a doctor.” I think her name in the game was Alice Chapman. So, she came and then they rolled and they're like, “I’ll fix you.” The teacher said, “The only way to die is if you roll a six.” They rolled and they roll for three so Katie survived and they made it to the Oregon Trail. Then this is when she realized that her students actually really liked the danger, and she didn't. The next day they had - they had a run in with some baby animal that was wild. I don't really remember much from that. Then she was telling about years later, she was walking down Broadway, and she passed Katie on the street. One of the first things that Katie said was “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” The teacher was like, “Yes, of course I do.” They have that cute little reunion. Those were the points of the story that I remembered. So, 