Okay. Sorry, I was reading the instructions. The story begins with a third-grade teacher and she’s doing some kind of - it seems to be like a stand-up comedy special. She’s explained that she’s a third-grade teacher and she likes to keep things exciting. So, she does all these cool little exercises, like to talk about wars and historical figures. She makes little puppet shows, and she makes characters out of it. Very fun. Some of her character names were Pizza de Pizza and Caesar de Salad, I recall. So, this lesson in particular that she talks about for the rest of the story was her lesson on the Oregon Trail. What happened was, she made a game out of it. It seems like a Candylandesque game, but she described it more as a cross between Dungeons & Dragons and the Oregon Trail video game, where she writes out a list of possibilities for every action. You roll a dice, and the dice determines what action actually occurs, and then you’re tracking your miles as you’re walking the “Oregon Trail.” That’s how she teaches her students about the trials and tribulations of the Oregon Trail. Granted, this is a group of third graders that she’s explaining to, so she has to keep it pretty lighthearted, or at least she tries to. The kids get very, very engaged in it, and they love the whole thing. They love the Oregon Trail. They loved the game that she’s made up. They come in every day, excited. They tell all their other teachers. She recalls that it was a hit, basically, that her game on the Oregon Trail was the biggest hit. To start the unit, she took them on a two-mile walk up West Side Highway along the Hudson to explain to them what it was like to walk for such a long time, just to get the unit started. She remembers that there was a time where some of her kids got thirsty. The kid’s name was Alex, his Oregon Trail name and becomes Alex Bacon. He wants to drink off a fountain. Then she’s like, “Well, there were no fountains on the Oregon Trail,” but the thing is she’s a third-grade teacher, and parents call, they complain, whatever. So, she ends up conceding and is like, “Oh, it’s a stream.” So, they’re allowed to have some of the “stream.” It’s just like water fountain water. So, that’s how they start their unit.
So, they start playing the game to hit. As I said before, it gets very exciting, but the kids want like a little danger. Because she was asked by her students like, “Does someone die on the Oregon Trail?” She was like, “Yes. Sometimes people die.” So, the entire unit, they were waiting for someone to die. Because they love the thrill, even though it’s just a little game that they’re learning about to represent the Oregon Trail. So, about towards the end, they reached the Rockies, right, the Rocky Mountains. They reached the Rocky Mountains and she’s like, “Oh, this is the most dangerous part.” They’re like, “Ooh, danger’s going to happen, something’s going to happen.” So, one day, they come in. This was the part that was described almost in the most detail. One of her students, Katie, ended up getting her legs stuck under a wagon in the game, and so, it gets infected. Then she’s all confused. She’s like, “Why did I even write these options?” Because now, she’s faced with the fact that she may have to quote “kill” one of the kids on the Oregon Trail.
So, she’s rolling the dice and she kind of just like, after the point where her leg is infected, the teacher is like, “Oh God. I didn’t plan past this point. Well, I don’t want someone to die, so I have to just keep pushing this and see what happens.” So, she’s like, “Okay, I don’t know what’s going to happen,” but then another student, Risa Hernandez is like, “Oh, I’m a doctor,” and she’s like, “Great.” So, she used this as a cop-out basically. So, she brings the “doctor student” to the front. The teacher goes, “Okay. So, the only way you die is if you roll a six. So, otherwise, your doctor friend can heal you.” She ends up healing her because she rolls a three, and all the kids cheered. The teacher makes a joke that it was like the end of Apollo 11. Everyone’s all excited. Then, after that, they kind of move forward. At this point, the teacher’s exhausted with the game. So, she was looking for a way to wrap it up nicely. Nothing else really happened on the Oregon Trail. They found a pack of “animals,” students thought they were wild animals, that she switched up. Because they were originally supposed to be wild animals, but she made them baby animals, to which all the students were like, “Aw,” because she was sick and tired of the game, and was ready to close out the unit.
Eventually, she did close out the unit and everything was well. They ran into a snake oil salesman at one point, got an elixir, slowed them down. So, they got sick from it. Things that you - mechanisms that you use to teach students about history, and then, that unit is over. Then the whole story ends with the teacher recalling when she saw Katie, the student that “almost died,” on Broadway, just like a couple of years later. So, she was in third grade at the time, Katie’s now in the ninth grade. They’re talking and Katie goes, “Did you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail,” and the teacher was like, “Oh yes, of course,” and that’s where the story ends. 