The narrator was a teacher who taught third grade social studies, and she likes to be a fun teacher who does games with the kids. In order to teach the Oregon Trail, she decided to use a game to teach the kids, in which they roleplay the Oregon Trail and the people on it. At first, the teacher literally took them on a two-mile trek in order to give them a feel of the Oregon Trail, and the kids kept trying to ask for things such as water, but the teacher wanted to make it realistic and say that there were no water fountains on the Oregon Trail. However, they passed by a water fountain and a kid pointed it out, and to avoid an angry parent email, she let the kid have water, but the game continued. Each day, certain events would occur, and then the kids would have to roll dices in order to see how the event would unfold. The game would continue like this, and there was this one interesting kid named Adam? Adam. His in-game name was Adam Bacon, and he would always be the know-it-all to point out things within the game. The teacher almost always wanted to take him down a peg. Humble the boy, right? As the game went on, the kids would always ask, “Is someone going to die today?” In the beginning, the teacher was hesitant to kill someone on the trail. However, as time went on, the teacher decided someone may or may not die, and told the kids, and so an event occurred where someone got trapped under the wagon and the kids rolled to see who it would be, based on numbers assigned to each child. It was a girl named Katie, and her character was stuck under the wagon, and she had to roll again to see if she'd survived, and she did. However, her legs became infected, and so she had to roll again in order to see if the infection killed her or not. At this point, the teacher was concerned that she was going to kill a character that represented one of her students, and that it would have negative consequences. However, before that occurred, another kid who was role playing as a doctor - all the students had jobs within the role play. They had farmers and doctors and so forth, and the doctor on the trail, the child stood up and proclaimed that they are a doctor, so they can save Katie, and so she does - or I don't know the gender of the child. The doctor saves Katie, and everyone rejoices. From that point, nothing like that happens. The ride is smooth within the game to Oregon City, and near the end, they encounter a baby animal. They roll dice to find out or to decide that it's a baby wolf. They name it, and then they continue on to Oregon City without any casualties. 