There's this teacher and she teaches social studies, and she likes to make her class fun and interactive for her students. They're about to learn about the Oregon Trail, the Westward Expansion, and she's worried because she's like, “How are nine-year-olds going to care about the Oregon Trail? How am I going to make that fun for kids and how am I going to make that entertaining?” She likes to make games and make stuff educational, so in order to simulate the Oregon Walk, she has her students pick a name. They use their first name, but they have to use a last name from someone who was actually on the trail. She's like, “I go and print out a list of names from people who actually died on the Oregon Trail, and everyone gets like a costume.” Pixa, last name, has an occupation, and she's like, “All the girls in the class want to be a pop star, and I have to explain to them that in the 1800s, there were no pop stars. That was not practical.” She was like, “Okay, everyone switch to like a gold miner, or a doctor, or like a farmer,” like that sort of realistic occupation. The Westward Expansion is a long, long journey, so in order to properly simulate that, she explains that she teaches school in Manhattan and that she decides to take the kids on a 40-block walk while they're in costume to simulate the Westward Expansion. The 40 blocks is about two miles, so not a lot to an adult, but a lot to a nine-year-old. In order to get the students in character and in the zone, she takes them up the Hudson Yard side, or Hudson side, and they're walking, and she's pointing out all these details, and one kid is like, “Why am I walking? I could be sitting,” and she's like, “Well back then, the wagon was only for people who were sick, for supplies, or injured, so everyone was walking, including children.” He's like, “Okay,” and then another student is like, “I'm thirsty. Can I get some water from this water fountain?” The teacher's like, “Oh, there weren't really water fountains in the 1800s,” and the student's like, “There's a water fountain right there,” and she internally debates if it's worth it to say, “No, you can't have water because we're simulating the Westward Expansion,” and getting an angry phone call or email from a parent about how she's withholding water on the Westward Expansion simulation, and then she's like, “Oh wait. We stumble upon a stream. Let's indulge in water,” so the kid can drink from the water fountain. Then after their walk, in order to make the game more thrilling, she ominously - kids continuously ask, “Is someone going to die?” She's like, “I don't know, maybe.” Then every day in class they ask, “Is someone going to die? Is someone going to die? Is someone going to die?” She has a system where she'll give simulation or come up with a list of possibilities for the day, and there's a rolling system, so if you roll a specific number, it'll indicate if you succeeded or if you failed, and each student has a number, and then they keep asking if someone's going to die. She's like, “I'm just going to put a possibility that someone is trapped under a wagon, and we don't know who, but someone's trapped.” She rolls a dice, and it's this girl, Katie, and she feels bad because Katie is this sweet girl, but she sounds like someone who smoked a pack of cigarettes. Katie comes up and she's like, “Okay, your legs are crushed under the wagon. We can roll to see if you get out.” If you get out, your legs are infected. She rolls, she gets out, her legs are infected and she's like, “Okay, let's roll to see if your infection gets better or worse.” She ends up rolling to get an infection that's worse and the teacher is mentally contemplating her whole life. She's like, “I'm going to receive an angry email from a parent or phone call that I killed her child. I'm going to traumatize this nine-year-old. It's terrible, and then this one girl in the back of the classroom, I think her name was Elise, goes, “I'm a doctor! Wait, I'm a doctor!” She's like, “Ah, she just saved me! Brilliant! Okay, let's roll and see if you cure her infection,” and she ends up curing the infection and everybody's like – well, Katie's like, “I almost died bro. I almost died bro.” Then Elise is like “I save you!” Everyone else in the class is celebrating and it was mainly if she rolled a six, she would die from the doctor's help, but if she rolled anything else, she would have been fine. She rolled a three and then everyone started celebrating and she was like, “They were dancing to September, even though that wasn't in the 1800s, everyone was just celebrating, having a good time.” At that point, she was just exhausted of the Westward Expansion, so she wrapped up the journey, and - oh yeah, to indicate if someone was going to die, she's like, “The Rockies are coming up, and I don't know, maybe someone might get hurt, and that's how she got into the whole wagon simulation. A few years later, at this point, Katie was in ninth grade, so high school, and she saw her and they immediately recognized each other. They hugged and the first thing Katie goes like – she’s like, “Katie looks the same but taller and more stretched out,” and she was like, “Remember when I almost died during the Oregon Trail,” and then the teacher was like, “Yes, I do remember,” and they just caught up. That's it. 