Okay, so to begin, the teacher, the speaker, is telling us about her methods and how she likes to teach. She starts by saying how she likes to be interactive, how she likes to make games. For example, one of the games she does has like a stuffed animal rock band, and they say they're all over the United States, and it’s an excuse to teach the children about geography. That's the type of stuff she likes to do, she has characters like Caesar Von Salad and Cheesy Von Pizza, in order to engage the children. Usually, it's about pretty light stuff, stuff that's very common for third graders to learn, but one of the topics she wants to teach is the Oregon Trail, which generally speaking, is a more mature topic. It takes a deeper level of understanding that - in her words, these children struggle to take the perspective of their younger siblings. Whereas, how can they take the perspective of an American traveling across the country in the 19th century. It's very difficult, so it doesn't really fit with the theme, but she does want them to get to experience or at least begin to understand the Oregon Trail at some level. The first thing she does is she takes them on a little walk to simulate actually walking the Oregon Trail. This is set in Manhattan, so they walk about 40 blocks, about two miles. They go down to the Hudson River and - I forgot to mention, there's a child, Alex, who is always very into all the activities they do. Alex likes it a lot, and so he's very happy with this, and as they walk along the Hudson River, one of the children complains that they're thirsty and she says that there's no water on the Oregon Trail, obviously, but there's a water fountain at the park in Manhattan, so she says, “Oh, that's a stream.” She doesn't want to get the phone call from the parents saying, “How did you let my children go thirsty for the whole day?” Obviously, that would be very inappropriate. That's the physical portion of the Oregon Trail activity. Next up is the kind of role-playing game. She said it was a mix of like Dungeons and Dragons and the actual Oregon Trail video game, and so it's like a little bit of role playing, a lot of dice rolling, and that child that I mentioned previously, Alex, he says, “Are people going to die on the trail?” She originally is like, “No, I probably shouldn't get anything too morbid because these are children, obviously. They're third graders, but he continues to ask are we in danger? Are we in danger every day?” So they simulate the game a little bit like they get different aspects of like working with a wagon - for example, one of the ideas given was you come across the river, do you pay for somebody to shuttle your boat or your wagon across the river, take a boat, or you do it yourself, you risk sinking it or letting it float, and then they roll die to figure it out. Another one of the activities they did was - hold on one second. Oh, all right, so Alex would always ask, “Are we in danger? Are we in danger?” Then eventually, one of the days, this girl, Katie rolls a die, and she actually gets very unfavorable. The teacher wanted to, for once, have it change up, and let it be a little more dangerous and scary by saying somebody's trapped under the shuttle, and therefore, they roll. This girl Katie gets it and she says, “Now please roll to see if you can get from under the buggy or not,” and she rolls and she survives but her legs are infected because of her roll. The teacher's worried because she's like, “I haven't realized what's going to happen next if I allow the children to die? I haven't thought to this point,” but then one of the children in the back, her name was Ellis, stands up and says, “I'm a doctor,” because she's role playing as a doctor in the game. She says, “I can heal you,” blah, blah, blah, and the teacher's very happy because she gets bailed out. All the children are super happy. They celebrate the survival of their friend and yes, so they have like a little dance party, they said, not very historically accurate but it was a good lesson. Everybody was super happy, and it was interesting that the teacher was the one who feared death, not the children. The children were looking for danger and excitement. The story ends by the teacher talking about how she ran into Katie on the street in Manhattan about six years later, and Katie, the first thing she says is “You remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Which is pretty funny cause it probably seemed to be a minor moment, but obviously it worked very well. 