So, the story starts off that a third grade social studies teacher is seemingly speaking at a comedy club for adults, and speaking about her experience teaching the Oregon Trail to her third grade social studies class. She says that when she tries to teach these topics, so she tries to associate a game with it. It gets the kids more involved, they get very into it, it helps to remember the history, and it’s good for the class, and everyone has a good time. She brings two examples, one of them being they had a game with the states. So, what happens is that, so she says she’s playing the Oregon Trail, but she says that when they do the game, she wants her students to really experience the Oregon Trail. So, the first thing she did was take them on a 40-block walk in Manhattan, which is approximately two miles to - because for an adult, it’s not so much, but for a kid, it feels like forever, which would be the equivalent of the Oregon Trail. So, they’re going on their walk and one of the kids says, “I’m thirsty.” The teacher says, “There was no water fountains on the Oregon Trail,” but then the teacher thinks that she doesn’t want to get a phone call from the parents about not giving the kid water, and then she says, “Oh look, a stream. Let us partake.” Then they go to the waterfront, and then they sit on the side and they all have water. Then before they start the game in class, so she assigns all the kids names from that time period. She started searching, she specifies this kid, Alex, whose name becomes Alex Bacon. So, the kids asked before they start that, “Is anyone going to die in the game,” and she says, “Maybe.” That’s the first time. So then, they start the game and they’re traveling. The way it works is that there’s a series - is the teacher wanted the Oregon Trail with Dungeons & Dragon, so that everything they do, so there’s multiple options to go with it. That you roll the dice to see what happens, that’s happening to you. So, they travel and one day, they get conned. Then another day, one of the students gets caught under a wagon that overturned in the Rockies, because it was a very dangerous area, so the student picked was this little girl, Katie. She said she’s the one stuck under the wagon, and day after day, day after day, the kids asked, “Is there anyone going to die today? Am I going to die today?” So, that morning, the day Katie got stuck under the wagon, the teacher said, “Maybe,” and decided, “Let’s now throw a little bit of a wrench into things, make things a little bit more sane, give the kids a little bit more danger, because they like danger.” So, Katie got stuck under a wagon, and so they say - they roll the dice to find out if she survives or not. She survives, but they find out - they rolled the dice again to find out what happens. They see that her legs are infected, and so they have to roll to - and so, she asked them, “Am I going to die?” This little girl, Alice, comes running from the back of the classroom. She says, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” The teacher makes it that when as you roll – the number she cannot roll is a six. If she rolls a six, she dies. If she rolls anything else, she survives. She rolled a three, the kid survives, and all the kids are super ecstatic that the student was able to live on this game. They hugged each other, and so on and so forth. The little girl, Katie is like, “Wow. I almost died. It’s crazy.” What happened, so the next day, so the game continues on and so forth, and the teacher is getting tired of this game. So, she speeds it up, and then she says - and I don’t remember what happened after that. Oh, they adopted a baby wolf. They roll the dice because they passed a bush that they heard an animal crying from, and there an animal from, sorry. So, this kid, Alex Bacon asks is it a wild animal or not, and the teacher goes, “No. It’s not a wild animal. It’s either a baby bunny, baby fox, or baby wolf that I have to adopt it,” and then they adopted the baby wolf and they called it Yuni the bunny. They loved it, and they all did the “awe” in their third-grade voice, and then they made it to Oregon. Then they made it, and they celebrated and danced and had a feast. 