So, there’s a third-grade teacher and she is very into games, and she has a game called Cheese Pizza and Caesar Salad and all that stuff. There’s this boy named Alex Bacon who later on has a role in her version of the Oregon Trail. At first, it starts off as a game where she presents many different options and the class kind of decides what to go by. A lot of the girls wanted to be pop stars, but she said, “No. You have to decide a job that was historically be accurate.” Then, to make her point, she took them on a 40-block, two-mile walk to Down Manhattan. They were thirsty, they were tired, and she said, “There are no excuses on the Oregon Trail.” Someone was thirsty and she said that she wanted it to be concrete so she said, “There is no water in Oregon Trail,” and the boy said, “Well, there’s a water right here.” Then she presented that it was a stream and so they had water.
She made a bonnet out of cloth and got very into character. They all had their real names with more of historical last names and they all got to play. Something that Alex Bacon was the antagonist of the story, and he asked a lot of questions. He was kind of their leader, it seemed like. She made a path where everything would go. At that point, he asked like, “Are we going to die?” Because it’s a long, long journey and they were all - and the Rockies were coming up and there’s no adventure yet. So, they had an elixir, a snake poison elixir that they all wanted to try because they all wanted a mystery. She said that it was a fake. That is was sold to make them stronger but it made them sick. 
There was a wagon accident. One of the girls named Katie, after they asked, “Are they going to die?” they’re all excited hearing all that stuff. She got caught in a wagon accident and she asked if she was going to die and she was so upset. The teacher didn’t want to get a call from her mom about almost killing her in the class. So, she said to roll to find out what happens to you. She rolled a four which said that she’d survived, but her legs were injured. She said, “Am I going to die?” Then, they said to roll it again, and she rolled it again and her legs were infected. Someone in the back of the room said, “Wait. I’m a doctor.” He got up and he stood in front of the class and performs whatever and she survived, and then they made their way through the Rockies. They had a pet fox. Or wolf, sorry. They had a pet wolf on the way. It was the fastest trip. I’m trying to recall more. I really remember throughout the whole time that Alex Bacon and - that they would always play games in their class and it’s a Social Studies class. Oh, one of the guys, he just drank the elixir, I think. They all loved to come into Social Studies. They kept asking “If I’m going die today or not.” I’m trying to remember the rest, but I think that’s what I remember. 