So, the story starts off with this woman saying that she is teaching third grade, and then she's talking about how one day she has to start teaching the Oregon Trail to her students. She's talking about how usually she doesn't teach that seriously because usually she does fun things like she has them write a letter, play game, or something, but she's saying the Oregon Trail is a serious topic. They should talk - she shouldn't approach it from a serious way but she's saying third graders are not going to be able to understand or see the insight of it because they can't even see the insight of their little sister. Then, she says that she can help them understand the gravity of it. So, she says in order to do this, she starts playing a little game. In order to help them understand the gravity of it, she has them walk 40 blocks. One kid has like, “Oh, I need to drink some water.” She’s like, “Oh, kids, there's no water on the Oregon Trail.” Then he said, “There’s a water fountain right there.” Then she's like, “I don't want to get a call from the parents, like a parent-teacher call.” So, she lets them get the water by saying it's a stream. There's another kid who doesn't want to walk because he's tired. Then she's like, “Oh,” and then he's like, “I would get on a wagon if I was on the Oregon Trail,” and then she's like, “Oh, no, actually you wouldn't because children were never let on there. Only sick people and ,” because she did her research. Then she has them choose an occupation and a lot of them choosing popstar, but she says that there's no popstars in the Oregon Trail. So, she has to something more realistic like doctor or hunter. Then one day she has them play a little game, like D&D. So, for one of the games, she has this snake oil salesman come up and sell them an elixir that would help them get to the Oregon City twice as fast and they buy it because they don't know what the snake oil salesman means, and they think that it's legit. Then, she's like, “Oh, well, you guys all get sick.” They're like, “Oh, okay.” Then she's like “You guys are going to throw up,” and they're really hyped about that because they’re like, “Oh, we’re going to throw up on social studies class.” They're really hype about that for a while. Then, she has them go on this – I remember she’s like, they keep asking about dying in third grade. So, she's like, “Okay, we're going to have them a brush with death.” They seemed all really frightened. She doesn't want them to actually die. She doesn’t want to get called by parents. So, one day, she has this girl called Katie get trapped into a rock. Then she checks, she rolls the dice to see if Katie survives and she does. Then, she tries to see if her legs are infected, and she does. There’s a doctor and the doctor is like, “Oh, I can save her.” They roll to see if she’ll survive and she gets a three, which means she does because the only way you can die is if she gets a six.  