The story begins. The narrator is speaking to an audience, and she's a teacher. She talks about how she's a very interactive teacher with her students. Her students are very young, they're in third grade, and she likes to make these lessons as interesting as possible and interactive as possible. She talks about how she has to talk about the Oregon Trail, and this is particularly difficult for her to figure out how to really portray the horrors of the Oregon Trail, especially because they're in third grade, they don't really have the ability to look at other perspectives, look at other points of views. She's struggling to really figure out “How can I make this? How can I really express to my students how horrific the Oregon Trail was and how bad it was?” One of the things that she does is she had the kids walk like 40 Manhattan blocks just so that they get an idea of how much of a walk it was. It was only two miles. The Oregon Trail was 2,000 miles, so they get an idea of just how bad it was, how bad those two miles were so you can imagine how bad two thousand miles would be. She tells an anecdote of how while they're on the trail, one of the kids gets thirsty and asks for water, but then the teacher says, “Oh, I'm not really sure. There is no water,” but then the student says, “Well, I see a water fountain right there.” The teacher is scared of getting reprimanded and getting in trouble with the parents, so she says, “Ah, look, it's a creek or it's a stream. You guys can get some water,” as a way to save her the trouble. She talks about how another way she's trying to be interactive with the students is by using a storytelling, role play kind of method of teaching, combining elements of Dungeons and Dragons, the role-playing game, with the Oregon Trail. She has the students take on different occupations and names of people who actually died on the Oregon trail, and so it goes through kind of like a story almost, like each day of class, they're going through some portion of the Oregon Trail, and whenever it goes on through the trail and such, they use rolling dice to figure out what happens and stuff as a way of role playing. She's using this as just a means of acting out the Oregon Trail, and the students are very, very into it. They're very interested in it, and they're very active in the whole role. One thing I guess they’re very interested in is the possibility that they can “die.” They can die in the game, so they take it very seriously. They're very interested in it, they're very attentive when playing this game. There's one situation where they are playing the game and they're going through the Rockies in the Oregon Trail, and while they're in the Rockies, the rolling dice decide what events happen, and one of the events is that one of the students ends up trapped underneath a wagon. The student is Katie. Katie is trapped underneath a wagon, and then so they continue the story. The story goes on that Katie is trapped underneath a wagon, but she escapes. They roll the dice, and the game continues on to say that she survives but her legs are infected. They roll the dice again, and they see that the infection gets worse, and so the teacher is stumped. Should she continue the story and have the student die or should we just call it quits from here, just end it off from here? What's the next move from here? Before she really makes a decision on that, a student excitedly raises his hand or just exclaims, “I'm a doctor!” That was his role in the story, so he's a doctor, and so using that, they continue the game by saying, “Okay, Katie. If you roll a six and only a six, then you die, but if you roll anything else, you'll survive.” They're super anticipating what's going to happen when she rolls the dice. Katie rolls the dice, , but yes, so she rolls the dice, she rolls it and she gets a three, so she survives. The students are very excited over this. They throw the papers up in the air. The narrator describes it, makes an analogy with that, like the landing of Apollo 13. She survived and they continue on with the game, and so another thing that happened in the game is that they adopt a puppy or something. It's a very good means of teaching the kids how the Oregon Trail was, and this is a very fun way for them to learn about this, and the narrator talks about how later on, years later, when these same cohort of students are in the ninth grade, she runs into Katie, who's now in the ninth grade. The first thing that Katie says to the teacher is, “Oh, do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Which I think just shows how memorable this lesson was for her as a student, and yes, I think it's a very nice story. 