Okay, so for the story, it was about the Oregon Trail. This teacher, I think it was a third-grade class, who taught social studies, and wanted to teach the Oregon Trail, but then have a little game for her students, which she obviously often has games with her students. In this game, she gave all the character - all the children, they’re allowed to keep their first names, but then she also searched up people that were on the Oregon Trail that died and use their last names to give to her students. Upon starting this game, she made it - people were very excited to - so in order for her to teach the students how it would feel like to go on the Oregon Trail, she first went on a 40-block walk in Manhattan. The students walked almost two miles, and these students complained that like, “This is a very long walk,” and why can't they be in the wagon like Alex Bacon, but then she told them  wagon, should be for people that are sick, inventory or like the piano. Then there was also like a water fountain. They're like, “Oh, can I get water?” Since the teacher was afraid that if she said no to give water to the student, the parents would call and say like, “Oh, you  water for the children,” so then she said, “Oh,” she'll play along the story and said, “Oh, there's a stream and everything,” so then she let them have water. Then as they go back, she gave everyone occupations as well and everything, and they started off the trip from the Oregon Trail. In order to make the game interesting, not like the Oregon Trail video game but like overall, there's a historical way of learning it, she also put it with D&D which is like a type of role-playing game, so whatever happened and then - so whenever she would have different things on papers and say what happened in this thing, they would pick it and then students would either roll the dice to see if they either succeeded in their way like rolled over the number or they rolled less of the number, and then they would bail like for example - she made an example of there was like a river or the stream and do they pay for a ferryman or they like float across, and then unfortunately, they forgot floating and then they had to roll again to see if they lost their wagons or if they did, so it was a very intuitive or a very fun way to get the children involved in everything. While they're playing, the students are always very concerned about whether they would die or not. I feel like the students had thrill of being able to play and also being able to die for some reasons, and the teacher was quite – she thought about it and she said she would want them to - she had plans to make sure everyone stayed alive and still just teach them and get them to Oregon City, but then she wanted to say that - she said that the next time someone asked, she had another bucket where what happens if someone asked  that causes death. Then this person asked if someone’s going to die, so then she rolled, she picked the thing, and then she picked that they went up the Rocky Mountains, and then a wagon fell on top of someone like a traveler. In order to find the traveler, they picked - it was Katie, Katie Chutnick, something like that. From there, they had to decide Katie, does she get out or does she not? Katie was questioning, is she going to die today and everyone was very concerned. They’re very spectacle about it, so they rolled a die, and then luckily, they rolled well and she was able to be freed from the wagon, but somehow the teacher was saying, “Oh, she was super confused why she put these cards,” and she put the story of - because she put that as like after she does escape, she has an infection from when the cart fell and then she has to roll the die again to see if the infection gets worse or not. Then again, they roll, but unfortunately, this time instead of getting better, they rolled that the infection gets worse. From the infection getting worse, they thought that - the teacher didn't know what to do after that because she did not plan for them to get that far, and that they expect them to die, and Katie was like, is she actually going to die, and everyone was super scared. Then luckily, one of the students, Ella, she raises her arm and she says that she was a doctor, doctor of the on Oregon Trail, and that she's able to cure Katie, but then the teacher explained that she would have to roll any number besides a six in order to cure Katie. Luckily, she rolled a three and therefore, Katie lived and her infection goes away and I guess it's pretty good that they were able to have a doctor. Then overall, they explained how no one on the trip died surprisingly and that they went on the Oregon Trail very fast, and she compared it to like an Amazon packaging. It was like an Amazon Express shipping to Oregon and saved a lot of time and everyone got there safe and sound. Everyone happy. No one died, and she was very excited and everyone was very excited. The way she explained it, everyone enjoyed this game in class. Then she just explained that maybe six years later, when she's in downtown Broadway, she met one of the students, Katie, again. Then the very first things that she saw - so this Katie, it was like Katie definitely got taller. She explained that she got stretched, and Katie, first thing that she brings up to her was, “You remember that she almost died?” “Oh yeah, don't forget that.” Katie, I think it was Katie, she sounded like she was on cigarettes when she was younger. She has a really bad voice and everything, but yes, besides that, she met her and then she said, “Oh, do you remember I died?” “For sure.” That story, the way she taught the class definitely was very memorable to all of her students. 