Our narrator introduces the story by telling us she teaches a social studies class for young children and she likes to make the learning real life applicable, and tangible in a way that will allow her kids to learn in a more tactile, kinesthetic way, and so she's talking specifically about the week she has to teach them about the Oregon Trail in which she wants to do something slightly different. She wants it to be a game, but she wants it to be an interactive game. That's where  the gravity of what it was like to be on the Oregon Trail, and so she begins by taking the children out on a walk to show them what it was like to walk for so long, and she takes them on a 40-block walk across the west side of Manhattan. That is meant to convey what it was like to walk for such a long time. While there's only a few miles -like a couple miles long, it is a very long walk for a nine-year-old. On the walk, there are some kids asked about water, specifically the smart mouth kid, Alex, asked for water and she says there is no water on the Oregon trail. Then he points to a water fountain near them, saying there's a water fountain right there, and she, fearing the consequences of denying a nine-year-old water and what that would look like from a parent's calling her perspective, she decides to grant the request by gamifying it as well and saying, “Ah, well, look, we found a spring. Let us partake.” They go back and she decides that as a part of the game, instead of a normal routine of writing letters that they read from in person characters that she writes as, she would combine elements of Dungeons and Dragons and the Oregon Trail video game into an interactive game that she would play with her kids, where she would detail the things that happened on the Oregon Trail and allow the kids to make decisions about what would happen. Also, earlier during the walk, one of the kids mentions that they wouldn't have walked the entire distance. They would have stayed on the wagon, and she corrects them that nobody rides on the wagon unless they are sick or need the assistance, and the only things that go on the wagon are materials and supplies and whatnot that everybody else walks, but yes. She is detailing the adventures that they have on the mini-Oregon Trail, which include one of the students getting trapped under a trailer, and this is when she decides to add an element of danger to the story. Because the kids are always asking her, “Is one of us going to die today? Is one of us going to die today?” One of the kids gets trapped under the wagon and she decides to roll to decide which kid it is, and so they decide to roll for the kid, and it turns out to be this little girl. She gets pinned under the wagon, and they decide to roll for the outcome of whether or not she gets out from under the wagon, and she does but her leg is infected and so now there's really a danger that the character, the kid's character might die, and she is also fearing that if she makes the kid's character die that not only will she traumatize the child, but that she will possibly get an angry phone call again from the parents. She is trying to brainstorm what to do until a kid from the back of the class named Ellis pipes up reminding her that her character is in fact a doctor, and that she can fix the infection, she can help the infection, and the teacher rolls with it saying, “Okay, we will roll to see the outcome of the treatment and if you roll a six, you will die, but that is the only circumstance under which you'll die.” She rolls a three, so the character is saved and Ellis saves the character's life, and they continue on the trail. It is because of this and after another encounter with a wild animal that she had planned, she notices that the kids are enjoying the random danger of the Oregon Trail, and so she throws out her plan to make it a wild animal encounter, and instead goes with the idea that it is a little baby animal that the class will adopt. They named the baby wolf. They rolled for it. They rolled to find out what animal it is and it's a wolf, and they keep the baby wolf. They named the baby wolf and they continue on the Oregon Trail. Now after they finish the trail, they have a party and they organize their affairs, and they dance to September by Earth, Wind, and Fire. After some years, our narrator meets with the kid who almost died on the Oregon Trail, and she reminds her of the story asking if she remembers when she almost died on the Oregon Trail, and she says that she does recall almost dying on the Oregon Trail. 