This teacher is recalling a story where she was teaching the Oregon Trail to a bunch of third graders. Before the Oregon Trail, she had been teaching in a more lighthearted joking manner, with nicknames and things for different states and geography, but this time, she wanted the students to really experience the Oregon Trail. Not the exact details of all of it, but the gravity of it. Like how impactful and dangerous it was, and this  of it in American history. So, she told her third graders, “We’re going to learn about the Oregon Trail.” At first, they’re like, “Is this going to be a game or a joke?” Because usually, with her teaching method, that’s how it was, it was really hard, and very jokingly, and she was like, “No.” So, at first, she wanted - it was a 2,000-mile walk in history. So, instead of the 2,000 miles, she recreated it using - doing a 40-block walk which is about two miles. On the trail, the kids are walking. There’s also this kid named Alex, who is a smart aleck in her class. 
On the way, when the kids got thirsty and saw a water fountain, so they can get the water and the teacher was like, “No. They didn’t have water fountains on the Oregon Trail.” Then the kid was like, “But I found this water here,” and she did not want to do with a parent phone call about withholding water from a kid. So, she improvises, “Oh, we have found a stream,” and they got water. They all go back all sweaty, but they were understanding the length, and at least, partially, how the walk of the Oregon Trail was. 
Later on, she gets to other parts of the Oregon Trail using - based off of the Oregon Trail video game and Dungeons & Dragons. So, using a dice to role-play and acting out different situations, all the kids had different occupations. They would use their first names and then a last name from history, and so they all have their roles and the kids would roll the dice to determine what would happen during the day. At first,  it was just a game. It was not as fictional as it had been in the past. So, there was a lot more details involved, a lot more realism, involved in it as well, and there came a time when danger is being introduced, and the kids really enjoyed the danger of it. The teacher was more freaking about the phone calls that she may get from parents based off of what they’re teaching, but the kids really loved the danger, so she continued. 
Let’s see, at first, they would talk about how they all have different roles and she would come up with a different situation based on the dice roll that they would have. So, at first, everything was like a simple decision like, “We don’t have to get to keep to do something,” at first. So, their first decision was either to - for their wagons or to pay a ferryman to cross the river, and the kids have decided to board the wagon. So, the dice rolls determine if the wagon was able to float or not, and they were able to. Based on that, they were able to go ahead. There was another decision where they had to – where there was a snake oil man, and they could either buy snake oil from it to help cross the Oregon Trail faster, but this is just a depiction of a con man. They all wanted to buy the snake oil but saying they’re conned, but the teacher was saying, “Oh, they got conned.” 
Later, the trip got dangerous. All the kids were starting to ask like, “Oh, is someone going to die? Is someone going to die?” The kids were really excited at the fact that there might be people dying or the danger. Because the biggest danger was on the Rockies, where this girl, the wagon tipped over and then the girl got caught under it and the legs, and the roll dice was determined who was getting caught. There’s a girl named Katie. She got caught and then the dice rolls to determine her fate. She was able to get out, but her legs were infected, and then the dice is supposed to determine how bad the infection would be, and to the point where she was basically almost dead, and the teacher panics and like, “Oh God, I don’t want to get the phone call, oh.” She’s really panicking about the danger, but then this other kid is saying like, “Oh, I’m a doctor,” and was able to heal her. The teacher said, “Oh, thank God. We have a doctor on board.” Later on, continuously, the kids ask, “Is someone going to die? Is someone going to die?” and they were very excited. 
The next section was about a baby animal and someone was saying, “Oh, I want to adopt - is it a wild animal,” but later on, they just found out to be just a baby animal that they are to adopt. 
Then afterwards, later in life, she had met the girl, Katie, who was in ninth grade compared to the story which took place in the third grade. The first thing the student, that Katie says is, “Do you remember when I almost died in third grade,” and the teacher says, “Yes, I do remember.” 