Okay. So, this lady was a third grade teacher, and in her third grade class, she enjoyed making these little stories and things for the children to learn social studies because she was a history teacher. So, she’d send letters. She’s very unserious and she’d - like a puppet rock band. She named - we had these crazy names for things like the play on Caesar salad and pizza. She’d send letters to the class and they’d receive the letters and correspond back and forth with these people. All of a sudden, it came time for them to do the Oregon Trail. She’s like, “Well, how am I going to do the Oregon Trail because it’s third grade class, kind of dark? This, that, and the other thing.” So, she was like, “Okay. I want to make this a little more dangerous. I want to make this a little bit more exciting.” So, kids come in and she has this one kid in class, Alex, who is kind of a, like a bad kid, but not like bad kid, a smart aleck. He was like, “Is it going to be dangerous? Is it going to be” -  it’s going to be a game.” Then when he says, “It’s going to be a game,” she’s like, Okay, great.” She agrees that it is going to be a game, sorry. So then, they’re like, “What kind of game is it going to be really?” So, she wants to give this edge of danger, so she decides what she’s going to do. She’s going to make it like - well, wait. I’ve gotten ahead of myself. So, first she’s talking about the Oregon Trail, and she’s like, “I want to get them into the mindset.” So, she takes them on a 40-block walk - these are nine-year-olds – takes them on a 40-block walk up the Hudson, and she’s like on the walk and they’re doing the walk, and the kids are like, “I would be in the wagon.” This Alex kid says that, and she’s like, “No. No children rode in the wagons, only sick people, and,” I can’t remember who else wrote in the wagon, or a piano rode in the wagon. Then some kid was like, “I want water,” and she’s like, “There’s no water on the Oregon Trail,” “But there’s a water fountain right there.” She was like, “Well, I can’t deny a kid water.” So, she’s like, “Oh, a stream. Let’s partake.” Anyways, she makes this game, and so it’s like Dungeons & Dragons and the Oregon Trail video game. So, essentially, they get these choices and they figure out what they have to do, and the kids are like, “Is there going to be danger?” She’s like, “Yes. There could be danger,” but she has to be within reason. She can’t really let them die, but it seems they like the idea that one of them could die. So, they start this game and they’re going along, and she always has this tease of danger, but nothing ever really happened. She just was like, “Well, it could. It could be dangerous.” Then the kids are like, “When is somebody going to die?” She’s like, “Well, I think I’m going to have to do it. The Rockies are approaching. They’re the most treacherous part of our trip,” and they’re like, “Oh my God, like the Rockies. So, what’s going to happen?” She’s like, “Okay, here we go.” So, the day of the Rockies comes, and all of a sudden, she’s like, “Your wagon has been overturned in a pass.” They’re rolling a dice to find out what happens to them kind of thing. So, she’s like, “Roll the dice.” I’m probably missing stuff about rolling dice, understanding the game. At that point where they’re crossing the river - oh sorry. Yes, they had to pay somebody to ferry them across the river or go across the river, and they do roll to find out. That was the way the game was played. They had one time, a person was selling them snake oil, and the snake oil sales- I mean, nine-year-olds don’t know what a snake oil is. They would say, “It’s like the same thing as taxes for adults.” That’s what she said, literally in the thing, not a joke. So, they were like, yes, the snake oil salesman is like, “I have this potion to get you to the thing faster and stronger.” They were like, “Yes. Of course, we’ll buy it.” Because nine-year-olds don’t know any better. So, they roll to find out how much faster and stronger it made. She was like, “No, this was a con man. It was a scam. You throw up for a day and you do not get to travel for a day,” but the kids thought it was awesome, that they got to throw up in social studies, maybe excited to have social studies. Anyways, Rockies, wagon overturns, overturns, it crushes one of the members of the party and they have to find out who. Oh, also, all the kids get actual people’s names who has died on the trail. So, there’s Alex Bacon was the name of one of the people, and that was the smart-aleck kid. So, they all have last - the first name was theirs, but the last name was these people who had died on the Oregon Trail. So, anyways, overturned, “We have to roll find out who’s been crushed under one of these wagons that’s overturned.” They roll. This tiny little girl in class named Katie. She’s very small and she has a voice like she’s been smoking since she was three, and she comes up to the front of the class. It’s like, “Here we go,” and it’s, “Katie, roll to find out if you get free from the wagon,” and Katie does get free from the wagon, however, her legs are infected and the teacher’s now is starting to realize like, “Oh, shit. I’ve made some very dark scenarios for these kids to get out of, and this is probably not my best plan.” She’s like, “Let’s roll to see if the infection gets better or worse.” They roll, and the infection gets worse. Katie looks up and is like, “Am I going to die,” or like, “Am I dead?” Then the teacher’s thinking like, “Oh my God. I’m going to get a phone call from these parents and they’re going to be pissed that their daughter’s died in my class,” and all of a sudden, from the back of the class, one of the girls is like, “I’m a doctor,” and she was a doctor, technically. So, she runs to the front of the class, and the teacher’s like, “You have to roll a six to not - or the only thing that could make you die is rolling a six.” So, the girl’s rolling, just like the special thing when you roll as like a lucky thing, and they’re like, “Wait, wait, wait. Don’t do it. Roll again,” which she rolls again, rolls. She rolls a three. The kids freak out. It’s like it’s Apollo 13. They’re throwing papers. They’re overjoyed at the danger aspect and the fact that she didn’t die. The kids always want more danger, but the teacher chills it out from here on out. They made it to - they were like - the bushes are rustling along on the trail. She’s like, “Oh, the bushes are rustling, and you hear like a noise.” One of the kids is like, “Is it a wild animal?” She was like, “I’m going to bend on the plants. It’s not a wild animal, no more danger.” She was like, “No, it’s a baby, an injured baby animal that you must adopt,” and all the kids react by going like, “Aww.” Then she, just like, “You have to roll to find out what it is. It’s either a baby bunny, a baby wolf or a baby” – what’s the third one – “oh, a fox.” They roll, baby wolf. They named it some silly name, I can’t really remember.  something like that. It’s not that, though. They love the wolf. Then they make it to Oregon in record time, and they set up their homestead, and they have to figure out - they have a dance party where they ate cornbread and danced to Earth, Wind & Fire, the 21st night of December, which, really weird, taking this on the 21st of December right now. So, I should go and listen to that song tonight. Anyways, the teacher’s like - years later, she’s walking down Broadway and she happens to see Katie. She’s in the ninth grade now. Katie’s like, “Oh my God. Do you remember when I almost died in your class?” They hugged  probably see one another, and she was like, “Katie, of course. I would never forget that.” 