Okay. So, it was a story about a teacher. She was a third-grade teacher. So, she taught social studies and the way she likes to teach is - her social studies class - the way she likes to teach your social studies class is have a big fun simulation or game. I think the example she gave is that she had like an animal, like a furry animal rock band, I forgot the name. That was just an example she gave. The last unit for her third-grade social studies class was The Oregon Trail and she was a little bit conflicted about how to teach this because she likes fun and games and simulations. There's also a lot of, as she puts it, moral complexity to The Oregon Trail and American Westward expansion, but she wanted to make it like a simulation. So, I think she said to simulate how much The Oregon Trail people had to move and walk and how hard life was. She had her class walk 40 blocks in Manhattan on the west side of the Hudson River, to basically simulate what it was like. So, they walk for two miles, 40 blocks and it's nice outside but they're hot and sweaty. Throughout this there's this kid named Alex or his pioneer name was at least like Alex Bacon or something like that. He's like a smart Aleck. He basically predicts that they're going to have a game and he does this before they're doing the walking. Yes, so while they're doing the walking, Alex Bacon is like, “We're going to have a game aren’t we?” She says yes. While they're walking, some other kids say, “I want to drink water and there's a water fountain right there.” She's like “On the Oregon Trail, there are no water fountains”, but then she remembers that some parents probably are going to call her about what's holding water from a thirsty child. So, she says, “Look, there's a stream. Everyone can go drink.” So, they do and when they come back, they're hot and sweaty, but they're ready as she puts it, and everyone has pioneer name. So, Alex, the smart Aleck is Alex Bacon. Then she gives everyone an occupation as well, I believe. They're like doctors and farmers and whatnot. So, actually, when I said Alex asking her if it was a game, I think it was, it's now when they're back in the classroom after walking 40 blocks he asks, “Are we going to play a game?” She says, “Yes.” He says, “Is it going to be a dangerous game?” I think she - I forgot her reply, but I think it was like, maybe, but it wasn't like a solid affirmative “Yes, someone's going to die.” because the whole point of the story, she's worried someone who's going to die, and it's going to upset parents and have phone calls and whatnot. She designed this game basically like Dungeons and Dragons where you roll a dice, and you have a choice and the outcome of the dice roll determines the outcome of this choice. So, she has her own homemade bonnet. She's really excited for this simulation game and so are her kids. I think on the first day, she wants to take Alex Bacon down a peg or something like that. So, she has them encounter a snake oil salesman, which most nine-year-olds don't really know about because it's just something you probably don't encounter when you're nine. You're trying to learn a bunch of other stuff in school. So, since they don't know what a snake oil salesman is, “They say, “Oh, yes, let's buy this elixir that's going to make us stronger and faster and whatnot.” She says, “Okay, we're going to roll this dice to see what happens. Are you going to get stronger and faster?” and of course, it's a foregone conclusion and they don't get stronger and faster. They waste the whole day throwing up, and everyone is so excited they got to throw up in social studies. Then she keeps planning, and everyone keeps having fun. That's a great hit. They also really want danger. They also really want someone to die really badly. She's conflicted because she's like, “All these parents are going to call me and stuff.” Finally, she gives them like ‘a brush with death’ as she puts it, and she writes out the scenario where someone gets trapped under a wagon that's been flipped over. She rolls this dice to see who it is. It's this girl named Katie who has messy hair, and she apparently has a voice like she's been smoking since she was three. Katie is stuck under this wagon. She's a farmer in the simulation, and then she rolls the dice to see if she can get out or something like that. It says that her legs are infected. That's the outcome. She rolls again to see. Oh, no, she doesn't roll again. After the leg infection thing, she's really starting to worry because Katie is like, “Am I dead?” Everyone's so excited. It's like going crazy and stuff and she is still worried about getting calls from parents. Then suddenly, she's saved by another girl in the back of the class who stands up and says “I can save her. I'm a doctor.” because in the simulation, her occupation is the doctor. So, then she was like, “Okay, we're going to roll this dice. As long as it's not a six, you'll be okay.” As she's rolling the dice, some kids shake it again. She gets a three, so Katie is saved. Everyone is - it's like the - what is it? The landing of Apollo 13, everyone is jubilant. Then, years later, she sees Katie as a ninth grader, she has the same hair. She still sounds the same about, she's just stretched out and taller. The first thing Katie says to her is “Remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Also, I forgot to add before this that the kids really wanted danger, but she didn't want danger. Oh yes, they encountered a wild animal and then Alex is like “Is this a dangerous wild animal?” She says “No, it's a baby animal. We're going to see if it's a baby bunny or baby fox, baby wolf.” It's a baby wolf. It's called Yanni, Benny or something like that. It follows them all the way to Oregon City, and they get there really fast because nothing terrible happens to them in the rocks, which is not historically accurate, but that's the kind of Oregon Trail that she wants to be on. So, when she saw Katie again, the first thing Katie said is “Remember when I almost died in the Oregon Trail?”