The story started out with Joe and his sister Clara talking. Joe was reading a letter. He wasn’t telling his sister much at that time and so she kept asking him and he said that pretty soon, he was going to be making more money with his pitching arm, and she said she didn’t know what he was talking about. Then he told her that he got a letter saying that he won’t be on his baseball team and he – current baseball team anymore and that he might have an offer to play for St. Louis in the major leagues, so he could possibly be making a lot more money. His sister got really excited. 
Then he went to swing his arm, and then his mom came in the room with a pitcher of water and he knocked it out of her hand and broke the pieces all over the floor and got water all over the rug. Then he was talking to his mom and he mopped it up. Then his mom asked him what was going on and he told her about the letter and that he might have a possibility to play with St. Louis and that he would be drafted if they picked him, and she asked him what that meant. She was concerned because she said that it didn’t sound good. He said that that’s just the way it is. She said it would be okay if he was doing something that – because he was dong something he was good at, and even though she wasn’t that happy about it. 
Joe started to pay attention to the other letter and his sister asked him who it was from and he said he didn’t know. He opened it and it wound up being from his friends saying that they would be in town and that they would try to come visit them – him. He was excited and his sister teased him because he liked the one – his friend that was a girl that was coming to town. 
He read the letter some more and he realized that they were supposed to be coming that afternoon, but he was concerned because it was snowing out and there was a blizzard, so he thought that the train might be coming in late. Then he decided to go to the train station. As he was going to the train station, he was thinking about his letter from St. Louis and he was happy. 
Then he finally got to the train station and he asked them what was going on with the train and asked if the train would be coming in late. The guy said he didn’t have any information for him at that time, so he said to come back the next day, but then he told him that the train would not only be late, it would be a few days late because they got stuck. Then that was pretty much the rest of the story. I don’t really remember the exact ending, but that was the gist of the story. I’m done. 