The story is about a teacher. She has a classroom of younger kids and she wants to teach them about the Oregon Trail. So, she decides to turn it into like a simulation where they re-enact and they go through everything. So, one day, she took them on a long walk for two miles in New York to make it feel like back in those times when they were having a long hike. One of the kids asked, he said, if it was back then he would be in the wagon. She said, it didn’t work that way. He asked if he could have a drink of water and she said he could after thinking about it.
They would play different games where they would roll dice and after each time they roll the dice, it would be a different scenario and they had to make different choices. She told them, they asked if dying was possible and she said yes and they really liked that part of it. They like the danger part of it. So, she tried to make it seem like it was dangerous even though it wasn’t so they would think that was a possibility. So, one day, there was a little girl in her class and part of the story was they played the game and she rolled the dice and something happened where there was a possibility where her legs were in fact – it wasn’t a possibility but her legs were infected and there was a possibility that neither she would get better or she wouldn’t.
Everybody was nervous and she was nervous. She was thinking about how she was going to get out of it because she felt like it went too far, but then one of the other girls in the class said that she was a doctor and that she could help. So then, she came up and she helped and then the teacher told her that if she rolled any number besides a six, she would get better. So, all the kids were in suspense and they were nervous because they were worried about what she was going to roll. Then, she wound up rolling a three so she was safe. All the kids were happy and they were excited, they were hugging because they were really into the whole thing.
Then, another day, they heard something and so they said it was a baby animal or an animal that hurt its leg. So, they decided to adopt this animal and take him on the journey. So, they took him on the journey and then, they finally made it to the trail safe, and they lived happily ever after pretty much. Everything turned out good and ahead of schedule. Sometime after that, the teacher had seen the girl in her class and the girl had asked her if she remember when she almost died on the Oregon Trail and she said yes. That was pretty much the end of the story. I’m done.