The narrator of the story starts by talking about a usual day at Bronx or Fordham University. He starts off by describing how he walks into Dean McGowan and proceeds to ask him a question about admission rates and inflation. Right when the dean is about to respond, a person runs up and throws, what I think or recall, was a cream pie in his face.
Upon seeing this scene, the narrator, who I assume is the editor in the university newspaper or school newspaper, runs back and starts writing or recounting what he saw. To make the story more intriguing, he describes the person who had thrown the pie in the dean’s face as Pie Man and adds embellishments to the story to make it more interesting.
 Upon giving it to his editor, the editor approved of the writing and asked him to publish it upon completion. After publishing the news in the newspaper, the narrator received a letter from someone who claims to be Pie Man and saying that if he meet him at a specific location in front of the library, they would be able to see and set Pie Man at action again. So, upon going to the location at the said time, this person called Sheila, who works with the dean and supposedly is seen by dean as a role model student, walks out of the building. Due to how Sheila has connections with the dean, I'm assuming, the Pie Man once again throw a pie at her face and runs away.  
Of course, the narrator captures the story again in their newspaper, and it becomes very well known throughout the campus. Within the university, people began talking of it, or even referring to it in class and some even begin to dress up like him with the cape and the outfit despite how the actual Pie Man that the narrator saw didn’t wear anything of the sort. The story, as far as I recall, ends when the narrator walks into a bar at some point to order a drink and sees someone who he claims to have been flirting with for the last two months but doesn't know if the other person knows that he's existing.
 The girl walks up to him and ask if he’s Pie Man, and considering how if he says yes, the girl will talk to him more. He admits that he is Pie Man despite that not being the case. The girl then asked him to buy a beer for - the girl asked the narrator to buy a beer for her and to recount the stories that happened to do with Pie Man, and what will happen next. The reason why the girl thought the narrator might be Pie Man, it’s because he seemed to know everything that happened before writing the story. He seemed to know where Pie Man would appear every single time, which is why she ended up asking the narrator if he really was Pie Man. 