So, the person was talking. He didn’t tell his name, not that I recall. He said he was a journalist at the Fordham University. The Fordham University student media was called The Ram. The photographer and him was walking towards the campus because - and then he sees the dean. McGain or McLain I think was his name. Then he was going to approach him to question for his channel about – it seemed to me about why he’s making - why he's raising, that he's willing to raise the tuition for the Fordham University and was trying to make the architecture of Fordham University from a middle-class student architecture to a high-class student architecture with more tuitions to pay. He approaches Dean McLain. “Can you care to comment about the tuition increase from middle class to upper class increase of tuitions?” While he was asking that question and then Dean McLain replies, “Look here punk.” While he said that, a guy who was intervening Dean McLain, the journalist, from the corner of his eye, he sees a blurry figure of a person approaching the dean with a pie or the cream pie and smashes that onto the dean’s face and runs away. Then the dean is covered with cream on his face and the journalist asks him, “Dean McLain, would you care to comment on the attack that just happened right now? Yes, just care to comment on that attack.” Dean McLain replied, “Fuck you,” and he walked away. Now, the journalist rushes back to the room where video editors of the channel was there, and he was saying - I forgot what his name was but he did mention the name. He said, “You know, Dean McLain, this happened.” He told him the whole story of what just happened to Dean McLain, and the video editor says, “Yes, he is a prick. Let’s run the story as soon as possible.” So, he sits down and starts editing on the story, and then he says he cannot edit without the embellishment, but the journalist called it making shit up. He was editing and he wrote on the paper Pie Man with P as in capital P, Pie, and the Man with a capital M, and he says he writes down the whole story about Pie Man and he presented the story with a cape, assuming the person, that Pie Man was with a cape from The Avengers. While that happened to him, he was walking away with heels on that clicked or he clicked the heels while going away, or something like that. He clicked his heels while walking away or something like that. That was the whole story. A few days later, two weeks later, I think, the journalist receives a letter that says, “Hey…” Also, while he was going away, he said something in Spanish. I don’t know Spanish, I can acknowledge that. So, I do not remember that, but it said that “I’m not an animal” in English. He received the letter in two weeks that said, “Hey, if you wish to meet Pie Man on his next task again, meet me by this library, or the stairs of this place.” The hall, I forgot what the name of the building was, and he said that, “Meet me there at this time.” While he was going there, he met Sheila. Sheila is someone that Dean McLain wanted more of. Sheila is very well put. Sheila did not look like the journalist and dressed well. The journalist was not dressed at all, he was very poorly dressed. Sheila is someone that joined with Dean McLain to stop drinking on campus with open containers, but that was Sheila. Sheila was drinking in campus and around that place, and Dean McLain popped out by the corner and said the Spanish statement and run away. So, this has happened. Another day, he and his friends were going - the journalist and his friends were going to a bar, and he saw one of the girls that he has a crush on. He sees the girl with her friends, her group of friends, towards the end of the corner of the street just drinking and gossiping. That crush is someone that the journalist always has been flirting. Then corrected his statement saying that he was only one flirting and he questioned if she knew even he existed or something like that, but he decides to just go into the bar and buy a round. While he was buying a round, he feels a tap on his shoulder and it was that girl and she asks him, “Hey, I was wondering. We are just talking about you and I was wondering, we were wondering, that you always happen to know where this Pie Man shows up. How do you know that? Are you Mr. Pie Man?” He was thinking that “If I say yes, then this girl will have sex with me. So, should I say yes?” And he said, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” The girl says, “Okay, good. Buy me a beer and tell me all of the stories.” That’s it. I'm done.