The story starts off with Joe and his sister, Clara, in their house. He's opening up a letter from the baseball team. He starts practicing likes gymnastics and Mrs. Madison walks in. As he’s swinging, he swings his arm, and he hits the water bowl that was meant to fill with the water and it meant to water the flowers. It fell on the floor. It was all glass everywhere. Clara had tried to warn Joe, but it was too late. He swung and hit the glass. His mom and Clara started screaming. Then, his mom made a joke and said like, “Why is Joe practicing gymnastics?” Then, she started laughing after that. Then, the mom asks what the letter says. Joe tells his mom that he was invited to play for the St. Louis Cardinals on their baseball team, and that he had just got a letter from his manager. She says that she doesn't know if drafting is a good thing because it kind of sounds like Joe is going to war. It sounds like he has no option, but at the end, she’s okay with that because she says that if you love something and you're doing your best, then it’s good for you. She told Joe to try to do his best and do good in the baseball team. He said that playing for such a major league team is going to be harder because there’s going to be so much more competition in other pitchers so he has to really try his best. He says that he’ll put in the work and do good. The mom is proud. After this, he opens up another letter from his friend. Her name is Mabel. His sister, Clara, teases him because she knows that he's interested in Mabel. Mabel says that her and her brother, Reggie, are coming into town. If they get a chance that they are going to go visit Clara and Joe. Joe gets . Joe tells Clara that she’s going to meet Mabel and Reggie soon because they are planning to get in on the express that day to visit them. Joe decides that he’s going to go to the train station and meet Mabel and Reggie. On his way there, he is carrying the two letters in his hand, and he keeps thinking about how he made it to the St. Louis Cardinals and he's very proud. He knows that he’s going to have lot of hard work ahead of him, and still can't believe that he's a part of that team. Once he goes to the station – also, before he goes to the station, they look outside and they see that it's snowing, and that there's like a mini blizzard. Joe asks Clara before going to the station if she would like to join him in going and greeting them, but Clara says no, she doesn't want to go out in the storm. So, Joe sets off and starts walking towards the train station. The master of the express tells him that there are many delays, and none of the trains are arriving on time, and that he should go home. When he came back later to see during the time that Mabel's train was scheduled to arrive, the master tells him that he should just go home and there's no point in waiting there at all because there's no way that the train would get there that day or several days after. When Joe asks why, the master says that the express has been snowed in about five miles away and that there's no way of his friend coming out. Joe decides that he must go help Mabel and Reggie. That's where the story ends. 