So, this teacher is telling a story about how a few years back, she was teaching third-grade Social Studies, and with her kids, she would always create this world. It was usually very goofy, and the characters were very silly. She gave like this example of how they would receive letters from time machines. She came to their last subject which was the Oregon Trail. She was having trouble figuring out how she would teach such a serious subject because everything else in the class was so silly and unserious. She goes to class one day and tells the class how they're going to be learning about the Oregon Trail. One of the students gives a smart aleck response and says about how like, “Is this also going to be a game since everything else in her classroom is a game?” She says yes. She kind of tries to make it into a game and more fun for the kids. Then, she assigns everyone characters. The girls all want to be pop stars, but since that wasn't a job that woman had in the 18th century, they all change it to farmers, doctors, and different things. She decided to make them walk the Oregon Trail in New York. She made them walk 40 blocks for two miles just so it's more like they were all together doing it, and then they were walking. One of the kids said, the same one that had made the comments about it being a game said that, “If this was me and I was walking in the Oregon Trail, then I would just sit in a wagon.” The teacher said only the sick would go on the wagon or people that really need it. Children will never get to sit in the wagon. Another student later went on to tell her that they were thirsty. Her initial thought was that people on the Oregon Trail when they're walking, they didn't have any water, but she didn't want to get an email from a parent saying how she didn’t give them water. So, she allowed the kids to get water. Then, when they were back, she said that she did this game where they would get like two things in front of them and they would have to roll the dice and see if what they wanted came true. Once she said - she asked the kids if they wanted to take this snake oil from a man. She knew that it was a con. She was older, but since they were kids, they didn't really know what that meant. So, they were like, “Sure. We'll take the potion.” It was supposed to make them get to the Oregon Trail faster and also make them stronger at the same time. So, they all decided to take it. Then, as part of the game, they rolled the dice to see if that potion actually helps them. She revealed to them that it was a con. They actually all ended up throwing up. They lost a day of travel. She thought that this would make the kids sad but instead, they were all very excited that they were able to take the day off and throw up. Then, one day, they got to a scenario where someone's leg was stuck under the wagon. They roll the dice to see if they survived. Then, when they roll the dice, they saw that they did survive. Their other foot was infected. They had to roll the dice again to see if the foot infection was getting better or worse. When they rolled the dice, they reveal that the foot infection was getting worse. The teacher panicked because she didn’t think that they would make it that far. She didn't know what else to do. Thankfully, someone else yelled out that they were a doctor, and they would help. The teacher said that, “If you roll a dice and it lands on six, then you die but if it lands on anything else, then you survive.” So, all the kids started cheering. The girl rolled the dice. She got a three, which meant she survived. Six years later when the teacher was walking a few days before the story was told, she ran into the girl that almost died in the story. The first thing that the girl told the teacher was, “Do you remember when I almost died that one time in class?” The teacher obviously remembered. Also, another part of the story I forgot was when they pass through the Oregon Trail, all the kids are screaming, and they're all very excited, and they all eat cake, and celebrated. It was like something that they would all remember. 