The story begins with a guy named Joe in the kitchen with his sister, and he's gasping at one of the two letters that they had received. Joe’s a baseball player. Well, he's really hinting, not giving you much of what's going on in there because his sister pops up and she's just asking worriedly, “What's wrong, Joe? Is it something bad?” He said, “No, it's not nothing bad.” She asked if it was going to be something about dad and his company, and he just keeps kind of hinting about how this is really going to be good news and how this is a life-changing opportunity for him. He eventually kind of lets his sister know that he's going to be able to pitch. His arm is supposed to make him a lot of money. He goes to mimic making a pitch right when his mom comes walking in the house, and she's got a pitcher of water to water the boxed flowers in the window and he knocks the water from her hand and breaks the vase. Of course, the mom and the sister both gasp at the same time as it happened. Then Joe kind of made a smart aleck comment about how she was in his way. So then, he goes to telling his mom about the letter, about how he's being drafted to St. Louis, and the mom didn't like the word drafted because she felt like that sounded like war and she was confused because she said, “Do you have to go?” She's like, “If you don't want to go, you shouldn't have to go to a different team.” He's explaining to her that he signed a contract with his current team. He had to stay there. No other place could pick him up or - and nobody else would because everyone knew he was under this contract and now they're drafting him over to St. Louis. Although his mom feels like this is upsetting, Joe seems to be very happy with it in kind of like a dutiful soldier ready to take on his new role or mission. Then the sister kind of goes on to start asking about the other letter because she said that she could tell that it had a girl's handwriting on it, and she asked if she can read the other letter and Joe kind of said, “Later, maybe.” It does imply that it’s a lover of his that's supposed to be coming to visit. They went on to talk about meeting up at the train station to meet people that were arriving in town, so Joe decides to go to the hardware store where he talks to the cashier, the guy in the store, and he says how you're not going to get that train today. Your train’s not going to come today. Joe kind of shockingly said, “Why?” He acted like his sister. “Is it bad news or something bad happened?” He said, “Well, they got snowed in or iced in somewhere along the track and that they’re kind of just stuck there.” I think that’s about it. I'm done. 