Basically, there's this guy named Joe who is surprised when he looks at an envelope, and his sister asks him about it. His sister's name is Clara, I'm guessing. Joe looks out the window, Joe's just talking about leaving the baseball league. Clara's hoping Joe wouldn't leave the league, and then Joe's laughs at Clara, playing or whatever. Joe says that he needs the extra money from whatever. He looks in the envelope, and then Clara asks about the extra money, and Joe seemingly talks about his pitching arm. Then his mother, Ms. Mattson, I think, enters the room with water, but Joe was practicing his pitching, so he hits the watering can, jug, whatever, and sent it flying to the floor, and then Clara and his mother screams. Joe is sorry. He says that he didn't mean to do that, or that his mother got in his way jokingly or whatever, and then his mother says that he didn't hit her. Then Joe gets the mop because Clara tells him to, and then Joe cleans the mess up. Then his mother asks why Joe was practicing, and Joe makes a remark that his pitching arm might make him more money or whatever. Then they proceed to talk about the letter. Clara really wants to read the other letter, but Joe says maybe, not really urging on reading the other letter. Then Joe reveals that Mr. Gregory, a manager of the Pittsburgh National something, sent him a letter, and yes, the manager of the St. Louis Nationals, I think, wants Joe. Clara's excited. I think Joe might be drafted, then his mother makes a connection to the war drafts or whatever, and then Joe reveals that he did not have a choice. Joe likes the baseball system, I guess. His mother doesn't think that it's fair, but Joe is excited to earn more money, and Joe signed a contract. He didn't read the terms and conditions, so he could just be taken with permission from any of the big leagues from Pittsburgh. Then they start to open the other letter and they see that it is a letter from Reggie and his girlfriend, Maple, who were coming into town I believe because Reggie has like a business or whatever, or maybe like a job offer or something, and that they would try to visit them. They came by train, but I think I forgot to mention that this entire story takes place in like a snowstorm, so basically, the train is stopped. It's stuck because of snow, and Joe went down to the station to see where they were because it was about to be time for Maple and Reggie to arrive, but a guy there, maybe the conductor, maybe the train station runner or something, tells Joe that he probably should go home because the train won't be in for several days or whatever due to the snow stopping it. Then the story ends with Joe wondering how to help them. 