Basically, there's this teacher who's talking about the Oregon Trail and the kids have to study states or whatever. She then talks about like characters, I don't remember, something about pizza or salad, and then she keeps talking about the Oregon Trail and then the kids - she decides to do an Oregon Trail game where the kids are involved and they're participating. They use their first names but change their last names, and then in order to simulate something similar to the Oregon Trail, she takes the kids on a walk. Kids talk about riding - well, one kid talks about riding in the wagon, but the teacher is very realistic in a way, but that's kind of funny. The teacher tells the kid that they can't ride in the wagon because they're not sick or whatever. Then the kid talks about being thirsty, but there was no water fountains on the Oregon Trail, but the kid points out the water fountain anyways, and then a kid finds a stream, so they stop at the stream. The teacher now designed a game of chance and combined it with the Oregon Trail like Dungeons and Dragons. It's a dice game. The teacher puts on a bonnet, and then one kid named Alex Bacon, a major kid in the story, asks about death, and the teacher learns that the kids are into the danger aspect of the Oregon Trail. Then they meet a guy selling snake oil, snake oil man or whatever, which is code for a con artist. The kids don't know what a con artist is, so they decide to take the snake oil from the con man, and basically nothing happens, but they thought it was so cool. She includes death into the journey to the Rocky Mountains, and this little girl named Katie, she rolls the dice. Because they're all sick now from drinking elixir, and she rolls the dice. Now, Katie gets stuck in maybe like a rock or something, or like a boulder, and she gets free, but her legs are injured. She rolls the dice to see if an infection will start or get worse, and it does. The infection does get worse, and then she rolls again, and she's basically on the brink of death, but another kid named Ellis, yells that she’s a doctor. Katie rolls again. She has to roll any number but a six in order to survive, and I think she rolls a three. She survives and every kid is happy. They're celebrating. The class is really invested into the game. Again, the kids love danger, so the teacher incorporates - well, she was going to incorporate wild animals, but it got really complicated, so she was just like, “They're just going to adopt a baby animal. The kids were in awe and believe it was a baby wolf or whatever. The teacher basically skips the rest of the Oregon Trail because it's a lot, and they just get to Oregon. They just get to Oregon and have a dance party. Then the teacher ran into Katie. At the end, the teacher runs into Katie, and Katie, and the first thing Katie does is recall her almost dying on the Oregon Trail. It’s like a wholesome moment, and then the teacher tells Katie that she does remember, and I think she says thank you at the end, but yes. I'm done.