Okay. I believe the story begins by introducing they've been with – they grew up in Providence, Rhode Island and then they've been really close with the Kennedys for – well, their family hasn’t really been close to the Kennedys; not as in like they’re actually friends, but physically close, and so they grew up and back, in their culture, they were religious. Apparently, after the assassination, there was a time when the speaker was crying in the car because it was playing out the 10th anniversary, I think, the 10th anniversary of the assassination, and then she was crying. Her dad pulled over because her sister, the speaker’s sister, finds out that she is crying. He pulls over and says that it’s okay to cry. They come to find their father also being in tears. Then after that, they recall their aunts where they say that every single year over the summer, her aunt would take them to a rented beach house someplace that I can’t recall anymore where they would be, I think on the same beachfront, as the Kennedys. So, before, the aunts would just continuously just spend the entire day stalking the Kennedys, looking out there and knowing out the moves that they make. Because all their attention is drawn towards detailing back, they don’t pay attention to the kids. Then the speaker, I think along with one of her friends climb into this half-inflated boat and just begin drifting off, and they drift off all the way until they keep drifting until they see the ferry and they can’t see their aunts anymore. Well, the aunts have been reduced to four dots, as she has said. Yes, so they get very close to the ferry and then they can see the passengers onto the ferry. That’s when they realized they drifted pretty far away from the beach. I think that is when I think Michael and some other Kennedy kid, they come on their motorboat. Yes, I think on their motorboat. They take the speaker and his friend up and they start heading back to the beach house. As they get closer, the speaker recalls it that way, she can imagine the aunts just there ready to scold them or do whatever. Just get rid of that. Then she says the aunts go and turn – once the aunt notices that the Kennedys are also onboard, they reached elbow  in a way. The speaker knows that they’re really not, but they're being nice to the Kennedys just because they’re the Kennedys. Then what happens, once the two Kennedys drop them off, the aunt tells them they're no longer allowed in the water since they do not respect them – the ocean, but then they just spent most of their days on the beach kicking the sand until their aunt gives in and says, “Okay, you can be in knee-deep water,” and so they start playing. But they realized that knee-deep water is not very fun, so then they start playing chicken so they can kick one of each other and then try if they can fall into the ocean, into the water. They start doing that. I think it was just three of them, and then they said it was really boring to play with three people, so they started talking to – so apparently, a few of those three people, they got Uncle Al, I think, to play with them so they have four people. Then they're playing and playing, and then the speaker kicks Uncle Al in the head really hard, he falls into the water. His fake eye pops out and then that’s when the speaker realizes the eye’s actually fake. They’re really shocked and probably horrified even until this day, as the speaker says. While the kids were shocked, the aunts were really mad because that fake eye costs a lot of money. It has magnets in it so that it can track the other eye’s position and move around with it. It was really expensive and if they don’t find it, they’d have to get another replacement, so they start looking for it. She starts putting her hands all through the sand and just trying to find it, but she doesn't. Well, she finds it once. She finds it once, picks it up, and then drops it because she just picked up an eye and it was staring directly at her, so she got scared and dropped it again. It sank back into the water and then the rest of the family, the rest of her friends and aunts also join in. Now  is possible. They start looking for this for half an hour, I believe. Then after half an hour, someone found it. I can’t remember who. Once they found it, they gave the eye back to the uncle, and then the guy just pops it back into eye socket and checks for a little bit. Double-check that it’s still working and everything. Once he’s confirmed it’s working, I think he just – he doesn’t really say anything. I can’t really remember the end part, but that's as much as I can recall. [Pause] 