Okay. First, let’s start off with the man talking about how he started his career in journalism in the Bronx, in the newspaper The Ram for Fordham. Then he talked about how he was upset because he thought the Dean during his time was trying to take out the typical Fordham students who is working students and not super rich, I guess. That the Dean wanted more students to be of higher class. So, he went up to him asking the question of being - trying to get, I guess, his opinion on that whole thing in straight words. Then he approached the Dean, and the Dean was reeling words to him at first and then he ended up being in the moment and when he sees someone next to him, pie the Dean. Then he ask the dean like, “What words do you have to say now based on the direction that had just happened?” and he goes, “Fuck you.” Yes. Then he goes to his editor who’s a famous journalist right now and then he tells him. He’s like, “I have a story.” The editor also hates the Dean for the same reasons as the narrator of the story. He goes, “I like it. Go write it.” The guy is writing it and then as he’s writing it, he starts to dramatize the story and he does that by adding a cape and makes him say a little catch phrase at the end and reference like, “I’d be gossiping up the people.” Then after he publishes the story, he gets a written note from Pie Man, I assume. Then the Pie Man was like, “I am happy that you liked my work. If you are interested in seeing me do this again, be here at this time.” So, then the narrator pulls up to the location at the time that was specified. Then he sees that the student body president is there and then he starts talking about how the students body president is one of those students of the Dean would wish there was more of them at Fordham and how she had a very close relationship with the Dean and insinuate that they have sexual relations, but the Dean makes a little jumping on like, “Oh, I would not. This is a rumor. So, don’t say it beyond this room.” Then after he says it, he goes back to the story and says how the guy ends up pieing her. These were the lines sot of getting a little bored for me. I think he said that this time, he did actually pull up with a cape and that insinuates at the end that he would made up the part about him saying the catch phrase again, but then I wasn’t sure if he was also insinuating that he actually wasn’t wearing a cape and he made up that part again. But regardless, that’s what he said in the story and then he publishes it with the first story and then making it the first page of the newspaper because the guy liked it so much. Anyway, going back, he ends up writing about Pie Man again and then everybody loves it in Fordham and that ends up having five stories that he said about the Pie Man that he writes. Then he ends up going to this bar and he was talking about how he was flirting with this girl, Angela, but it seems more one-sided. He definitely was the one flirting and she – I didn’t even know if he even really talked to her but regardless, she ends up coming up to him and asking him like, “You always seem to know where the Pie Man is.” And be real like, “Are you Pie Man?” The he goes and he starts talking to us the audience about like, “Oh,” kind of justified. “Essentially, I am Pie Man because I’m the one writing the story.” because he definitely wants to have more ovations to get close to Angela, so he says that he is. That’s how the story ends. I’m done.