Okay. She starts off the story talking about how her family has an obsession with the Kennedys because they relate to them a lot. I think they come from the same area, and apart from that, they're also Irish-Catholic. Then she talks about how she remembers being in the car with her sister and crying. She was hearing about John F. Kennedy and the whole death situation. Her sister is making fun of her being like, “Oh,” and she tells her dad like, “Oh, my God. Look, she’s crying, and she says that’s when her dad turns around and then they noticed that he's crying, too. Then he tells both of them, I think, “Don’t you ever be ashamed to cry for that man,” or whatever. Then she cuts back to the original story that she’s telling and explains that because of that obsession with the Kennedys, her aunts would take her to the beach which the Kennedys would also vacation in. What they would do would be – what’s it called - the kids would play in the water and whatnot, do their own little thing, and then their aunts would sit there and position themselves to see straight into the Kennedy’s beach house, and then they would just be taking notes of their activities every single day. Then she was talking about how - if they didn't know someone from the Kennedy family, they would kind of map it all out. Before that, she was talking about how people shoot - making an example of like, if they don’t know the names and the ages, they would map out the whole thing and do this very complicated math. Then after that, they start going into the story about how they, one year, got too deep into the water and they were floating, and all of the sudden, they realized like, “Dang, we’re actually kind of far from land.” They start freaking out and they’re like, “Oh, no.” Then all of a sudden, two of the Kennedy boys come in their boat and they save them and then they take them back on shore and they start talking about while they’re taking this trip back on shore, they’re freaking out because they know that the aunts are going to be upset and they start talking about the things that the aunts – like, for example, one of them will say really nice things in an aggressive tone and then it's kind of like, “Uh-oh, I'm scared.” Then they safely arrived to the beach and their aunts were obviously very upset with them, but then they see the Kennedys are with them, and they’re trying to make a whole show and talking in the way that they think the Kennedys talk, and then they start saying that, “I can't believe you did this to those poor boys. They have been through enough.” Then she makes a joke about being like, “Clearly, what we've been through is not the same thing as any other Kennedy tragedies.” So, poking fun at the aunts. Then the Kennedy boys leave, and the aunts get mad and then they're telling them, “You are not allowed to be in the water. Therefore, you have to stand,” they said. They’re doing nothing on sand, and they get bored, and then they get infuriated, agitated, and then the aunts get tired of them because they’re children that are agitated, so they’re like, “Fine. You can go in knee level, and that’s it.” So, they go into knee level and they realized it’s not as fun as being fully in the water. So then, they start having chicken fights and then they’re doing chicken fights with each other, and all of the sudden, their uncle joins in. When the uncle is joining in the chicken fight, all of a sudden, she, the narrator, knocks him down or something, I forget, and knocks his eyeball out. It pops out and it goes into the ocean and then none of them had known that he had a fake eyeball, so they were all freaking out. Everybody gets upset with her because the eyeball is missing and it's expensive and she feels  by the family, so then she ends up going to the water, sifting through the sand to find his eyeball. She said she finally found the eyeball, but then she drops it, but she yelled out when she found it. So, everybody realized that they could find it in the water, and they end up continuing looking, and it takes them an hour, and then her cousin finds the eyeball. Then the uncle takes the eyeball that was found, washes this off, and pops it back into his eye socket. So, she’s on the outskirts of the family because she still feels kind of cast away and pushed aside, so then she’s like, “I don’t know.” Then while she’s at the outskirts, she realizes that two of the Kennedy boys were watching it all along, so kind of like, “We watched them and now they’re watching us.” I’m done.