So, the narrator is named Michaela, and she is from Providence, Rhode Island. In the beginning of the story, she talked about how she grew up near the Kennedys and how they were the center of the universe - of the world or something. So, she talks about this one anecdote where they’re coming home, they’re driving home from Thanksgiving and they’re on the radio. They’re talking about the JFK assassination, and the narrator starts crying. Then her sister is like, “Oh my gosh, look, she’s crying.” So, their dad pulls over and he turns around with tears in his eyes, and he’s like, “It’s okay, you can - don’t be ashamed if you ever cry about JFK.” So then, that was one thing. So then, her family goes to vacation on the beach, and her aunts, when they would go out to the beach, they would set up their beach chairs and then they don’t face it towards the water or for tanning; they do it so they can stare at the Kennedys and watch them with binoculars and stuff. If something happens, they would kind of find out what things are, like find associations, and all that stuff. They talked about this guy named Bobby, I think. So, one day, when Michaela was nine years old, she and her cousins, Eileen and Kevin, were playing in the water and their aunts are a bit too busy looking at the Kennedys to focus on them. So, as they’re in the water, they kind of start floating away, and suddenly, their aunts are like four little dots, and they can’t really recognize them, so they’re really far out. Then these two people come and save them on a powerboat who happened to be David and Michael Kennedy. So, they’re taking them back and then their aunts are kind of angry because they’re like, “Wow, you guys, you left and stuff,” but then they’re even more angry that they bothered the Kennedys to come save them instead of the fact that they kind of got lost. So then, they got punished and so they couldn’t go into the water anymore. They had to stay on the sand. But throughout vacation, they kind of were like being antsy, and so their aunt was like, “Okay, fine you can go on the water,” but they only can go to their knees. So, they’re in the water and they’re kind of bored because it’s boring, and so they start chicken fighting. Their Uncle Al, who is Eileen and Kevin’s dad, comes and does chicken fight with them, and then Michaela kicks his face and his eye comes out, and they’re kind of like, “Oh my God, his eye is out.” Then they find out that Uncle Al has a fake eye, and so the aunt, Aunt Pat, is really angry because the eyeball is expensive and the eye is in the water and it is in the ground and they can’t find it and stuff. So, they’re kind of all freaking out and everything. So then, Michaela goes and she’s starting to look for the eye, and she finds it, but when she sees the eye, it’s staring at her, so she drops it again, but now her whole family is going to go in and look for this eyeball, too. So, they find it. The uncle puts it back in his eye. It’s like a very expensive eye because it is magnetized, so it lines up with his eye. Then his eye is all working, but now that they know his eye is fake and she looks at it and she’s like, “Oh, wow. I don’t know how I didn’t realize it was fake.” Then as they were doing this, they find out that Michael and David Kennedy were watching them the whole time and saw this whole interaction, so they watched them as how the family watches them.   