Okay. So the person narrating is a third grade teacher and she talks about how her next lesson for the class is going to be the Appalachian Trail and that’s the next topic that they’re going to be working on. The way that she likes to teach is that she’s very animated and she likes the teaching to be very, very like you act it out, it’s not - it’s very vivid and almost feels authentic. It’s not like learning, it’s more like experiencing and she comes up with funny names for things like - it was a funny name for pizza and something Von Salad and they have a band that they write letters to, that’s like a stuffed animal band, and tries to teach in a very silly way. So, for the Appalachian Trail lesson plan, she decides to tell the class that they’re going to be playing a game and there’s one kid that’s a little wise or smart kid named Alex and he – oh, and he says, “What are we doing? Is it another one of the games?” She says, “Yes, but this time it’s going to be a dangerous game to get the class excited.” And since it’s dangerous, the class gets excited. So the Appalachian Trail was really long and she wanted the kids to experience how long the trail actually was. So she decided to have the class walk 40 blocks, which is about two miles, to really feel how long the trail was. While the kids were walking the trail, Alex is like trying to be wise again and he says that, “Well, if I was walking the trail, I would have been in a wagon. I wouldn’t be walking.” She tells that actually she did research it and only people that were in the wagons were people that were sick, or it was for tools or if you’ve brought a piano and then there’s another kid in and he complained that he was thirsty and she told him, “Well, there’s no water fountains on the Appalachian Trail,” and then he was like but there’s a water fountain right in front of me and then she realized, well, she doesn’t want to get in trouble by denying a kid water in school. So, she used her imagination and she said that, “Oh, there’s a stream. You guys can go drink from the stream.” 
And then a couple days go by where they’re playing the game and then she decides that she wants to make it a little more interesting and dangerous feeling, so they have a part where they – it’s like the Appalachian Trail video game mixed with rolling dice to see what will happen to your fate. So, the next day she comes into the class and she’s wearing a bonnet and she tells them that she’s - I forgot what she was but she’s like their trail leader. So she has them roll dice to see what’s going to happen to them. One of the things was – someone asked if - Alex asked if people could die on the trail and she got really excited about the whole game and was like, “Well, people died on the Appalachian Trail, so I’ll just say yes.” And then they rolled the dice to see a – one day, the wagon hits a rock and flipped over on a person, so they rolled the dice to see who the person would be that’s stuck under the wagon, ends up rolling the dice and it’s this little girl, Katie and she’s like shy and she doesn’t really speak that much and her hair’s always messy and she’s one of those kids that sounds like she smoke cigarettes, like her voice sounded like she smoked cigarettes. She ended up being stuck under the wagon. They rolled the dice to see if she gets free and eventually she does get free but then she has an infection in her leg and they rolled the dice to see if it gets better or worse. Of course, it gets worse. So since they all know that someone’s going to die, Katie asked me, “Am I going to die? Am I going to die?” Then they decide that if she rolls a six, she’ll die; if not, she’ll be alive. She rolls a three and the whole class was like really invested in this like when she went to roll the dice, they were like – the kids were like, “No, roll it again. Shake it again for good luck.” And then after, when they found out that she lived – oh, well, they thought the infection was going to get worse but then one of the girls, Alice, ended up being a doctor. So she said, “I’m a doctor, so I can help fix your leg.” And then that also was part of it but then they rolled the dice to find out that she got a three and that she would live and the whole class was really excited, they all hugged each other and Katie and Alice were hugging and Katie kept saying, “I almost died. I almost just died.” 
Then the next day, there is a snake – they encounter a snake poison sorcerer who gives them - who gives them like a magic potion and then the kids have to decide will they drink the potion or not. They decided to drink the potion because like adults, they don’t realize that a snake poison person is not like an evil person - is an evil person. They drink the poison and they all end up getting sick and they find out that they’re vomiting for a couple of days. 
Another thing that happened before was like they had to roll the dice to see when they encountered like a river to cross their wagons and they had to choose if they were going to cross the stream or call for help and they decided to cross the stream so they had to roll the dice to see if their wagons would sink or not.
Then after, the teacher realized that she might get in trouble for all the dangerous scends that they were doing in the game. So, she decided that, even though the kids really enjoyed it, she decided that for the rest of the game, she was just going to play it safe and nothing bad would happen. So one day, they encounter an animal and then Alex is like, “Is it a dangerous animals that could kill us?” And then she’s like, “No, it’s a baby animal. Roll the dice. Let’s roll the dice to see what animal it is.” It ends up being a wolf. She was like, “Okay, we have to take care of this wolf and have him follow the trail with us.” So, they do that. They bring the wolf and he follows them to the end of the trail and until the end of the trail nothing - until they reached wherever they were going, they - nothing bad happened after that, after the Rockies. 
Then they get to the civilization and they make cornbread and they build houses and they settle down and they make budgets and then they all listen to music which, even though that wasn’t historically accurate, they did that. And then that was the end of the game, but then she actually saw Katie a few years later and she was in 9th grade, and she’s out on the street on Broadway and they hugged each other and she was like, “Oh, how are you, Katie?” She was like, “Remember when I almost died? Remember when I almost died on the Appalachian Trail?” And she was laughing about that. Something I remembered about in the beginning was that she asked like in the beginning, beginning of the game, she asked all the kids like, “What do you want to be in the game?” All the kids were like, “I want to be a popstar,” which obviously doesn’t really make sense and then she was like, “No, you guys have to be farmers and stuff. That would actually be historically accurate.” 