Joe and – is this recording? Joe and Clara received a letter in the mail, and at first Clara wondered if it was bad news and she was asking Joe, "Is it bad news?" Then when Joe opened the letter, he didn't really tell her if it was good news or bad news. He just said, "I guess I'll get paid more," and then I think he finally told her that he was going to get paid more and she got excited. At first, she was upset. She thought that he was getting fired and that they were going to kick him off the team, and she was like, "How could this happen? You just played so well," and then he was showing off about his swing and then he went to practice his batting arm. Then he went to swing and then the mom, Ms. Maxon came into the room and then Clara was like, "Watch out," and then he swung and the water spilled and then the rug was ruined. Then, he told them that he got drafted to a Major League Baseball team and that he would get paid a lot more, and then the mom wasn't really so happy about it. She didn't want him to get drafted because she associates getting drafted with the war so she didn't think it was a good thing, and she was worried that he didn't have a choice, and then Joe reassured her. Then Clara was really excited about the other piece of mail that they received, and it had like a girlish handwriting on it so she was teasing him about it a little bit, and then I think he finally opened the letter and he told Clara that it was from Mabel, but Clara was like, "You already knew that it was from her," and she was excited it's from - Mabel and Reggie are going to be visiting town for a day and they're taking the express train in. Mabel said that she's excited to see Reggie, and Joe was like, "Aren't you excited to Mabel? What do you mean him?" and then she told him that he's naïve, and then Joe was like, "I have to go. They're coming into the station. I have to go meet them for when they arrive," but then they realize that the train might be late because it snowed in, and then when they got to the station, they found out from the men that work there that the train was not going to arrive at all that night and that it was really, really delayed because of the snow storm. Joe seemed upset about it. Also, before Reggie is coming in on business that's why they're visiting. I'm trying to think if there's anything else. That's it. I'm done.