This teacher, she’s a social studies teacher and she’s been doing so well. She has third graders and it’s the end, I think, of the last semester and they were going to study the Oregon Trail. She decided to make it fun. They went off and took off, for them like for nine-year-olds, a 40-block walk is pretty long and, of course, they’re telling her they’re thirsty. She’s saying, “Well there’s no water fountains on the Oregon Trail.” They’re going, “Well, there’s a water fountain over there.” And she got creative and was like, “You know, I see a stream over there. Let’s go and partake in the water there.” They get tired. One of the kids is named Alex if you’d like, “So why don’t we get on the wagon?” She’s like, “No children get in the wagon, you must walk.” 
She compared - she did some parallels between Oregon Trail and the Dragons, what is it called, Dungeon and Dragons game. Every day they were talking about different things. The kids loved how dangerous. They keep on asking, it’s going to be dangerous, especially Alex. He was asking if it was going to be dangerous. She’s going, “Yes.” It made the kids excited that there was this danger in this trip. Then, let’s see. One of the kids, they were asking if there’s death in the journey. She’s kind of concerned. Here are these ninth graders, I mean not ninth graders, third graders and she didn’t want to be coming off like a bad teacher, killing off a student. So, she came up with all these different options and they did a roll. I think one of the kids got called up and it’s like, okay, she rolled and she got death and teacher’s getting kind of nervous. Another kid raised up their hands. One of the things that they came up with was occupations for the kids and they first were coming up with modern things like pop stars. She was like, “No, that’s a little bit too current. Let’s talk about the old stuff that have been taking place back then like doctors and farmers.” When the kid rolled that she was going to die, another kid remembered, “Hey, I’m a doctor!” So the teacher came over and was like, “It’s great! Come up here and help this child.”
So, they rolled and I think they rolled the wrong number. I think the number is supposed to be six the first time and then the kids decided to roll again. The teacher was like, and then that she got a three so, yay! The kid managed to survive. The kid got healed from some infection that came from the fall. 
Then, let’s see. I don’t remember much after that. I think the teacher was happy. [Laughter] She was wanting to near the end, I think after that, it wasn’t too much as excitement after a kid nearly dying in the journey but they made it through the Rockies and arrived in Oregon, and the kids had a party. They celebrated. They threw paper up in the air. They dance to modern songs. She didn’t care that it didn’t correlate to back in the day, but that’s what she did with third graders. 