Basically, this is a story from when Jim was a reporter for The Ram, the school newspaper for Fordham University. One day, he approached the dean to ask a question regarding a controversial – or a contrary finding regarding wage, student wages or working middle classes versus the admission rates. Basically, as he approached the dean to ask that question, a random man came and cream-pied the dean, and Jim asked if he wanted to comment on the incident that just happened, the dean said, “Fuck you.” He ran back, ready to run the article, and he added - oh, he sent it over to Jim, the guy who supervised the whole paper. He loved it, but then he decided to add an element of embellishment or just adding a bullshit, and he wrote that the man who struck the dean with the pie was a masked, caped avenger, and that he was - he yelled out, “I am not an animal,” in Latin as he threw the pie. As soon as the story ran a couple of days later, Jim - or the storyteller received a letter saying that he will be the Pie - from the Pie Man saying that he will strike again on Tuesday at the library. Sure enough, the storyteller pulled up to the library at the said time with a photographer from the school newspaper, The Ram, and as they were running the story, sure enough, he pulled up and yelled the phrase again, or that’s how he ran it on the paper. There was a photo of him running away in a certain pose after pieing the student body president, Sheila. Sheila, it is mentioned that she looked - compared to the normal flannel-wearing, part-time job working Fordham students, she was very well branded, and in collaboration with the dean, she decided to place a no-beer-and-barbecue rule, which is no drinking outside on campus. Basically, in – or in theory or in opposition to this, it is assumed that the Pie Man struck Sheila. One day, as he’s in a bar, he meets Angela, who he thinks he’s been flirting with for around two months. She approaches him and asks - and upon discussing with her friends, she asks if he is the Pie Man. In an instant, he recalls in his head that if he does say yes right now, he will be able to sleep with her. So, sure enough, after a moment of hesitation, he does confirm that he is Pie Man. Then, she asks him to buy them a beer and to tell him all about it, and the story concludes.   I think to further recollect, with the remaining time… 