The speaker’s whole family has been obsessed with the Kennedys ever since she can remember. The story starts when she talks about how she was in a car with her dad and her little sister and they were on the I-64, I-69 Highway or something, and they hear the radio talk about the 10-year anniversary of the death of the Kennedy. Yes. She starts crying and her little sister points out that she was crying to her dad, and her dad stops the car on highway and turns around with tears in his eyes, says, “Don't ever feel ashamed about crying for the man,” crying over the man. She goes to talk about how her parents were married in the same place as Jackie and Jack, and for the wedding present, her dad gifted her mother a replica of the same jewelry that Jack gifted Jackie. She recalls that in the summer, her family would go to this beach house right next to where the Kennedys’ beach house was, and her aunts would apply sunscreen on the backs of their necks and the backs of their arms and the back, and take their sun chairs or beach chairs out and position themselves to spy on the Kennedys with their house. They talk about everyone as if they were in a reality show sort of, and they spy on them with their binoculars and make family trees on the sand and start character profiling sort of thing and they’d talk about the family members, and they wouldn’t really pay attention to the children who were on the beach, her and her two cousins. This one time, her aunts weren’t paying attention at all to them, to the children on the beach, and they found this old half-gone little boat, canoe sort of thing. It was yellow or orange and plastic, and so they took that. The children took the boat out with no oars; it was a very dangerous situation and they look around and they pushed off and ended up getting really far out into the sea on the beach until their aunts were just four specks of dots in their vision. They got really close to this boat, and when they're really that far out in the water, they saw a speed boat, and the speed boat came to save them. On the speed boat, there were two Kennedys, David and Michael or something, and they ended up saving them on the way back. Because their aunts would – when one of her aunts got mad, they'd yell out their - angrily yell out the address of the children, and the other aunt would say really nice things but in a really angry way. She was worried about that and that didn't happen because when they got back on the beach, the aunts were livid but they were also try to contain their anger because of the fact that the Kennedys were accompanying them, and they were mad at them. Though they were pretending – one of their aunts had changed their accents to be a mix of an actress, one really old-timey actress and the Queen, a mix of the old-timey actress and The Queen Elizabeth. They were mad, but they were mad at the fact that they knew that they were going to get in trouble. They were mad at the fact that they, the Kennedys, already had a lot of trouble in their lives and they didn't want to add on to that. So, for the rest of the trip, they banned them from going in the water. Then after an hour or so the next day of whining, the children ended up - the aunts let them go into the water but only until their knees. And so what they did was – it was her, the speaker, and her two cousins. They tried to play – they did chicken fights, and they tried their best to chicken fight, but it wasn't the same because they wanted to get in the water and they wanted to – their plan was to do chicken fights and drop into the water and cool themselves off or something. What happened after that was that the father of her cousins, her uncle joined them and it was a really nice family moment sort of thing, but what happened was that the speaker accidentally kicked her uncle in the face so hard that her uncle's fake eyeball popped out of his head, his eye socket. Everyone was blaming her. She was in shock; she can still remember screaming and being completely in shock because nobody knew that her uncle had a fake eye and it didn't seem obvious to her. Apparently, it was magnetic and it was really expensive, so the aunts were playing the blame game. They were talking about how expensive the eye was and how it was magnetic so it could follow the other eye and seem real. They didn't tell the aunts and the uncle didn't tell anyone, tell the kids because they don't want rumors to go around the neighborhood. The speaker was feeling really guilty then and she ended up going deep into the water -  not deep into the water – she wound up going into the water and sifting through sand until she found the eyeball. She picked it up accidentally and then she freaked out, so she screamed and she dropped it. Then once they realized that it was possible for them to find the eye again, they looked for an hour. She didn’t really want to find – to herself, she hoped that somebody else would find it because she didn’t want to touch the eyeball again or something, I assume. And someone else did, her cousin did. After they found it, her uncle picked up the eye, washed it, and popped it back into his eye and started moving it around to test it if it was working still. The entirety of the trip for the day finally got together to eat dinner or something or to gather as a family. They couldn’t stop talking about it. They didn’t realize was that on the beach, the Kennedys, the two Kennedys were walking around the beach and they saw the whole thing, the two Kennedys, the ones that saved her life on the boat. I'm done.