Third grade teacher who has like a fun gamey sort of storytelling for social studies, who was like unserious names on serious characters like pizza, Cheesy the Pizza and Caesar von Salad wants to convey the gravity of the Oregon Trail to a bunch of nine-year-olds, third graders. She figures why not plan this game inspired by the Oregon Trail video game, but also Dungeons & Dragons in regards to the role-playing and also the dice aspect. One of her students, the smart aleck named Alex, when she introduces the game, asked if there’s going to be danger, she replies yes and the whole class gets excited but she also takes them on to like a 40-block walk along the Hudson on the west to get them to understand the distance they were walking on the Oregon Trail. It was only ran two miles but anyways, so she starts the game and all the students were picking roles, the girls are going to be popstars but she’s like pick ones that are like period appropriate. So there’s doctors, there’s farmers, there’s gold miners. Oh, and at the start, she wanted to like - she found it hard to convey – issues like nuances and the moral implications of Westward Expansion but the gravity she could do. So part of it was that walk and then they played - played the Oregon Trail game where each day there would be events of some sort. They rolled to see what happens. So, for example, they met a snake oil salesman who, as kids, they didn’t really understand what that meant. It’s one of those like phrases adults use. They bought the snake oil and they started vomiting in the story and they got really excited because they could vomit in social studies but it slowed them down one day.
And then the big event happened was with a girl named Katie. What happened was the teacher wrote - being egged on by her class who wanted danger and someone to die. The teacher wrote like this scenario where a student would be - a wagon would run over a rock and collapse on the side over the students, so there’d be a collapsed wagon on a student and then they’d figure out where to – they’d figure out who it was by rolling. This girl called Katie gets rolled and they roll for what happens – what happens to her. So her legs are trapped, she comes out and she’s alive but her legs have been infected. They rolled for what happens then, turns out her infection gets worse, and then the teacher’s at this crisis point where she’s like I don’t want to - I don’t want this little girl to die in the game where she’s going to get upset and traumatized and the parents might have a problem with that. So, she’s like running through this whole scenario in her head and trying to figure out how to stop her from dying in the story when this kid at the back of the class, I think her name was Alice, whose role was a doctor, shouts out like, “I’m a doctor. I’m a doctor.” Comes up and it turns out she knows how to save Katie and then the teacher - the teacher rolls the dice - the teacher asked the dice to be rolled to see if she can be saved. Then the only way she would die is if she rolled the six, she rolled the three, she survived and the kids started celebrating and they were throwing pieces of paper, they were hugging each other, Katie and Alice were hugging and Katie could only say like - kept repeating, “I almost died. I almost died. I almost died.” 
Later on, they finished up the Oregon Trail because the teacher is pretty tired of it at that point. I think the next day, they found an animal. They hear like wild animals or something. Alex the smart aleck called out like this is going to be dangerous because it’s like wild animals who will hurt them. The teacher says no. The teacher said yes but she didn’t want to - didn’t want to go through it anymore so she - she had this sound turn into like a cute baby, a little baby animal, and then they rolled for what type of animal it is. It’s a baby wolf. They named it Yenny the Benny, I think, and she wants to get to Oregon City as fast as possible after the Rockies incident. So, she speeds the story up and then they finished, they have this party with cornbread and they started – there was sort of like a dance party to Earth, Wind, and Fire September.
Then like six years down the road, this was when Katie was in 9th grade, the teacher meets her on, I think, Broadway and they both recognized each other and then Katie is like, “Do you remember the time I almost died in the Oregon Trail?” The teacher is like, “Yes. Yes, of course. I do.”