All right. So, the story begins with Mikayla stating that she is from Providence, Rhode Island. She gives the detail that when she was living in Providence, she had the neighbors, the Kennedys. She described the Kennedys as kind of like a tandem, like their pleasure was their pleasure. Their  is their . Their sufferings, their suffering. Remember an incident where when John F Kennedy got assassinated, they were driving on I-95, and then when the news hit that John F Kennedy was assassinated, she was crying. Then, her sister, I think, was like, “Hey, Mikayla is crying,” and then the dad just floors it and then turns back with tears in his eyes saying, “There isn’t no shame for crying for this man.” Then, she goes onto saying that their parents met at Newport and got married, and they got to a point where they decided to go to a family beach house, which so happens to have the Kennedys nearby. They also talked about Rose and about Mikayla’s relatives. I primarily remember about, I think, Aunt Pam - I think Aunt Pam - talking, trying to decipher the age of Rose, saying like because such as this and that, and mainly because she became a widow when she was 81, they deduced that Rose is at least 85. Now, at this point where Mikayla and some of the cousins were playing in the lake or in the ocean, they noticed that the relatives were not really paying attention to them, so – I remember the kids and Mikayla were climbing up into the boat, like a really half inflated plastic boat, and then they were playing around. Then, the tide comes and they . I think as soon as they were about to drown, the powerboat comes up and then she realized “oh, wow, we’re saved.” Then, she realizes that she has been saved by the Kennedys. She was like, well, oh no. Just talks about, I think prior to this, before when she was - when she fell off the boat, he described the relatives as like really, really small dots on the boat that just slowly fade away. When she’s on the powerboat, those thoughts come forward and she soon sees the livid faces of her relatives, primarily her aunt Pam. Now, she describes the anger how aunt Pam usually dispels its anger is by saying really nice toned things and also saying the most random stuff, like people’s addresses. Like I remember Mikayla’s address. Mikayla,  . She also described it like she would also say things in the most aggressive tone, even though the intentions are really good. Like I remember it was like, “I’m going to go buy you a present. You should eat your cake now.” Besides from that - but then, I guess when my Mikayla was about to be dropped off to her aunt, her aunt was about to roaster her and whatever. But then, she noticed the Kennedys were there, so she was in a tight position where she couldn’t act pissed because the Kennedys were there, obviously. I think Mikayla and the cousins were punished, of course, for - they weren’t allowed to dip their feet back into the lake, and then she caved in and says, “Okay, whatever. You could dip. You can go for a swim, but only knee-high length.” She was happy at first, but then she realized playing in the beach at knee level is not fun at all, so that’s how they came to the conclusion that we should do chicken fights. It was fun. I don’t remember the other people’s name, but I do remember Uncle Al joining in. I think his name was like - I think Mikayla was on like Michael’s or Jordan’s shoulders, I think, and then I think they were playing chicken fight and Mikayla was against Uncle Al, and at some point, Mikayla just kicks Uncle Al in the face, which led to his prosthetic eye or fake eye to fall out, and he just sit and he just fell and he just sank to the bottom. Of course, they’re freaking out. I mean, you just saw a freaking eye just fall out. I remembered she described seeing the full-on socket of the eye and she was really creeped out. Obviously, the adults were pissed because this eye costs a fortune that’s way out of their budget. So then they try to search for his eye. Mikayla found it. She realized it was in the palm of her hand, but she screamed and dropped it. Eventually, one of the cousins found it, made sure not to drop it. Eventually, Uncle Al just washes it and plops it back in. It’s knowing that - and she describes the feeling of knowing someone has a fake eye, it’s really weird because you know he has a fake eye. Well, she now knows. And then she kind of blames herself like not even noticing, and then something in the end about, I think, David and Michael, about Kennedy’s sons. They were watching the entire time. Anything else I remember? 