The story follows a social studies teacher who comes up with a fun idea to do with her class where they sort of fictionally walked the Oregon Trail which was the westward expansion of the Americans in the mid-eighteen hundreds. One of the major themes that comes along is the fact that the students are really excited about the danger associated with the trail even though they’re young, nine-year-old. In the story itself, the person talks about taking students across a walk to sort of simulate the trail itself where they walk across 40 blocks of Manhattan which obviously is not the entire length of the Oregon Trail but seems like a lot for nine-year-olds.
Where the orthodox were the sort of amusing details that come along with trying to replicate foreign - historical enactment in the current day where a student asks for water but the author says, “But there was no water fountains in the 1800s.” These persons, they’re not living in the 1800s but in the present day. Also, you can’t really deny a child water. She came up with a clever idea of naming it a stream and allowing people to partake in it. The speaker underestimated the benefit or the excitement that’s related to having nine-year-olds enjoy the dangers associated with their death.
As the story continues, each student is playing a character who obviously partook in the original Oregon Trail and obviously died now and died during it. Each of them had their own characters. One student comes up to her and asks if anyone is going to die during the trail. Because she was in character, the author said, “Yes, people did die during the Oregon Trail. So yes, someone will die.” So, every single day from that onwards, they continued the Oregon Trail in the class, every time someone ask her if someone did die or if someone is going to die during the day. 
Finally, she comes up with the idea that someone didn’t need to die without realizing just how dark it actually have gotten from there. Furthermore, the story keeps going. Then, one student realizes that - this girl comes up and realizes her character had been a doctor all along so they come up with a clever plan to make it so that they will roll a dice and if it’s an odd number, they survive, and if it’s an even number that they do not. The funny part was that the students had 120 miles of the Oregon Trail left and the story is just going to keep going.