Okay. So, in the beginning, she said that her family didn’t - they live at least or around 20 miles away from the Kennedys universe or something like that. Then she mentioned how her family, she’s trying to say that her family were very oriented around them, like they were very - not involved, but interested in their life that they were very focused on it. She was saying how at one point, I believe her father and mother, when they had gotten married, they got married at the same place as someone in the Kennedy family. She said that her dad even got the same jewelry as the Kennedy family, the members who got married. I remember her saying that at one point, there was an argument that happened at the grandma’s house, and then they were on the way back home, I believe, and that they were doing some message on the radio about the assassination or the memorial for JFK. She said that she started crying. Then she said that her sister looked at her, and then told her dad that she was crying. Then her dad pulled to the right abruptly on the side of the highway, I’m assuming. He looked back and told her that she shouldn’t be ashamed to cry for that man. Then she went on to say that her aunts, I believe she said four of them, she said that her aunt would rent a beach house for her and her siblings or family, some family members, and they would go to the beach house and stay for a while. Then she revealed that it was actually because her aunt wanted to spy on the Kennedys or just look at them. So, they would look at them with binoculars or something. She even went on to say that they would talk about the different things that would happen. If they got up, they would say who got up or what this person is doing. If they didn’t know who the person was, they would figure it out because they would draw out a family tree in the sand and end up calculating who it was. She also mentioned that one of her aunts could calculate the age of Rose, I believe, in the Kennedy family. She would calculate it by doing a whole process of saying when someone died or when someone, like something significant happened to them. They also mentioned that it would hurt for someone to be told that another person died because they were senile. So, they wouldn’t handle it well or something. Then she went on to mention how they were all so focused on the Kennedy family that her and her cousins went on this half-inflated boat, and it ended up drifting so far away in the water, that she noticed how far they were when she was able to actually make out the faces of people on the ferry, and that when they looked back, they would see - she could see that the aunts were like little jumping dots or something like that because her aunts were so distracted and not paying attention to them. So then, eventually, a boat ended up coming to save them. On that boat were two members of the Kennedy family named David and Michael, and they ended up driving them back. Once they arrived, her aunts could not even act normal because of who was with them, people from the Kennedy family, David and Michael, and that when they smiled at David and Michael, they gave like a fake one, but when they gave it to her and her family members or cousins, it was a smile that would tell them that they’re in trouble or that they’ll get it later, I believe, she said. Then they just looked to them for a little bit and then eventually, they laughed. She even impersonated David and Mike at one point.
Then the next part I remember is when they were discussing it, the aunts, someone said that they can’t go in the water, but then, after being around for a while, they were like, “Okay. You can go now,” because I guess, they were just being annoying that they were doing nothing. So then the aunt said, “You could go in the water, but only up to your waist,” and so they were doing that and then they realized how boring it was. So, then they were playing this game called chicken something. Eventually, they were playing and having fun. Then the uncle, for the first time, joined them because it wasn’t really common for him to join them. They were playing it and getting like pushing each other in the water so that they could be fully immersed in the waters that are just waist up, or waist down. She ended up kicking her uncle in the side of the head and his eyeball popped out. She freaked out because they didn’t know it was real, or they didn’t know that he had a fake eyeball. So, then the aunts were blaming her. She even said that her cousins were mad at her because their dad literally just lost his eye in the water, and that the aunts were mad at her and they were blaming, they’re playing the blaming game and blaming certain people. Eventually, she drifted off into the water and she found the eye because she was searching for it. She knew she had to find it. When she did find it, she screamed and dropped it because it was an eye. Then she said the whole family realized that it’s possible to find it. So, they spent the next hour looking for it, and eventually, her cousin found it. He screamed in triumph. I believe, when he found it, and then gave it to his dad. Then her uncle popped it back into his eye. He cleaned it off and then popped it back into his eye. Oh, and she did mention that she could see inside of it when it had first came out, like you could see inside of the socket. So, when the son gave it back to him, he put it back in after he cleaned it. It was magnetic, she also mentioned. He tested to see if it worked again, and then she could tell that it actually was fake, now that she saw it pop out. Then as the family, as it was all over, she realized that there were people there on the beach, and she saw that there were people watching them, a group of people. Among those people were David and Michael, the same ones that saved them from the Kennedy family. Apparently, they went on a stroll on the beach. It turns out that for the past hour, they were most likely watching them the whole time.  