So, the story starts off with a brother and sister talking to each other. The brother named Joe and his sister named Clara. Joe is reading a letter that he got from his team or a team that he’s getting drafted to. Both are caught by surprise by the fact that he’s getting drafted so soon into his career. Joe is getting drafted to the St. Louis Cardinals from a smaller team. He’s joking around with his sister. I should probably mention too that the setting is during wintertime and they’re probably inside their home. Yes. So, him and her sister are joking around and he starts to wind up for a pitch like an imaginary pitch and his mom walks in. He accidentally knocks over the jar that he was carrying. It gets water on the rag. The glass breaks, but it’s all right. So, the whole family has a discussion about the letter that he just received from his baseball team. Joe begins to explain how baseball works. The drafting system and why he’s being taken out of the team that he is currently in. He expresses his hopes for making money, making more money and acquiring fame in his position at the St. Louis Cardinals.
Then, he had received two letters. One from the baseball team and one from someone else. At this point, he now reveals that it’s - after his sister asks him about who the letter is from, it turns out it’s from some friends, one of which is a girl who he’s particularly interested. They are on a trip and that they would be stopping by their town for a day or two. So, by the time that he finishes the letter, he realizes that they would be stopping by town on that exact day. So, he makes his way to the station to ask the station manager when the train will be coming. The manager tells him to come back in the afternoon to which Joe does so and then he gets unfortunate news that the train had been snowed in. Well, it’s been stalled due to the weather conditions. So, Joe is worried for his friends and wonders what he could do to help. I’m pretty sure that’s the end of the story.
What else is there? Just him and his sister talking to each other about baseball and he talks to his mom about it and he talks about who the other letter is from, then he goes to the train station. Yes.  I’m done.