So, the story is about an elementary school teacher, social studies teacher, who wanted to teach her students about the Oregon Trail. She’s taught many other subjects before using various means, but she wanted to get really creative with this one topic. So, she had all of her students role play as different characters on the Oregon Trail. Even before the enactment happened in the classroom, she took them out on a little field trip, a 40-block walk through Manhattan. It was so that they could understand the gravity of the Oregon Trail. So, after that, they head back to class and the teacher starts telling about the Oregon Trail.
At some point - oh no, no. The way that she teaches the Oregon Trail or how she and her class enact the Oregon Trail is through Dungeons and Dragons mechanics where events are determined by dice rolls. So, things such as crossing streams and encounters are determined by dice rolls whether or not people get sick, things and the like. At some point, a student or at some point, the teacher proposes the scenario that one of the wagons tips over and one of the students is trapped inside. So, they determine that it’s one student named Katie and every student is pretty engaged with the story, thus far, for the possibility that someone might die in the story. So, at this point, everyone is paying attention. 
So, it’s found out that Katie is trapped under the wagon and they have to decide whether or not she lives or dies. The teacher is distraught because she doesn’t or she hasn’t planned this far and she’s struggling to find a way to make the story go on without, potentially, traumatizing the student for having died in the story about the Oregon Trail. So, fortunately, one student speaks up claiming that her role in the story is a doctor, so she has the doctor student roll the dice to determine whether or not Katie lives or dies. She does, in fact, end up living. The class continues with the story. They get to Oregon. They get to their destination within two class days, I believe, and they end up celebrating, I guess, within the story. Oh, but before that, they adopted an animal on the trail in this little encounter. So, that was the teacher’s experience with teaching the Oregon Trail to elementary schoolers.    