Please recall the story in as much detail. Okay. So, the story starts off with these brother and sister, Clara and Joe. Joe seems to be practicing baseball, where he's on the team, the Pittstons, currently, but Clara is worried about Joe for some reason. She asked if dad's business is going under. Joe replied, “No.” He goes on to retell how he's possibly going to be kicked off the baseball team that he's currently with. Then their mom comes in with a pitcher of water. Joe's swinging his bat. He causes her to drop the pitcher and water goes everywhere. Then he goes to get the mail and as he's going to get the mail, his mom asks to get a mop as well. One of the letters he has looks like it's girlish writing. Joe thinks that, “Huh, this might be for a wedding,” and then there's another letter that he opens. With that letter is – it's an invitation for him to be drafted with the St. Louis Cardinals, which he's able to be drafted with them because he's in a minor league baseball team right now. The Major League can go over and just take him, whereas if he wanted to go to a minor league, he explains to Clara, he couldn't because he's under contract with his current team, the Pittstons, but that doesn't matter with the Cardinals.
Then they find out that - Joe tells Clara, his sister, that their friends are coming over by train, but it's storming out right now. There's a snowstorm currently. Clara's kind of worried, but Joe goes to the train station to see about their friends. He's met by a conductor. The conductor official says that, “Your train isn't going to be here today, Joe.” Joe exclaims, “Why?” worried, “Was there a crash?” The conductor said, “It could be as bad, but there's snow stopping the train, and they're five miles up. So, there's no way they'll be able to come back.” Yes. Then I believe that Joe goes to try and help them, but I'm not 100% sure he does. Clara was really excited to see their friends. I can't recall. I think their friend's name started with an M but I'm not 100% sure. The Mervers? Joe was really, really happy to be drafted with the Cardinals. 