So, she grew up in Providence, Rhode Island where the Kennedys are from, and they were basically the same because her family was Irish, they were Irish. Her family is Catholic, they were Catholic, so they had a lot in common. So, their family was really obsessed with the Kennedys.
One day, when they were driving, they heard a song, I forgot the song’s name, and she started crying. Her sister says, “Mikayla, stop crying.” Or, “Mikayla, are you crying over a song?” Then, Mikayla's dad says, “Don't you ever feel sorry about crying for that family.”
So, they go to a beach in Nantucket for their family vacation, and at this beach, their house is right across from the Kennedy house. So, what her aunts do is they set up the chairs, not so they're suntanning, not so they're facing the water, but so they can spy on the Kennedys, and her aunts have binoculars, and they watch the Kennedys. They watch and see who is at the house. They noticed that Rose is there, and then they start asking, they start wondering how old Rose is. They say, “How old is Rose?” And her aunt says, well, it was ‘63 when her husband died, and she was 71. Then, she was 81 in – I forgot the year - when something happened, so she is 85 now.
Then, they see people that they don't recognize, and they say, “Oh, it must be - forgot his name - but his name starts with a B - his kids.” Then they say, “I hope poor Rose doesn't know about him. That would just break her.
So, because her aunts and her family are so preoccupied with spying on the Kennedys, they don't think to even look their way to her and the rest of the kids in the water. Even if one of them just turned their head for a second, then they would yell at us for climbing into a half blown-up plastic boat with no oars. But they didn't, and that's just what they did. So, they get into this plastic boat, and they start drifting. They don't realize that they're drifting away until the people on a cruise ship - I think cruise ship - their faces become bigger and less blurry, while their aunts look like four hopping figures, four hopping dots far away from shore. So, what happens is then a boat comes up to them and pulls them out of the boat and saves them, and it happens to be David and Michael Kennedy. They bring the kids back to the shore, and as for the four hopping dots came more into focus, they saw that the aunts were looking mad, and they were scared. Their aunts were known for getting mad and yelling at during situations like this, except when they got closer to shore, they were smiling and one of her aunts started talking like Jackie Kennedy, and her accent is kind of a mix of Audrey Hepburn and Queen Elizabeth or someone, and when they got to shore, they were all smiley and thanking the Kennedys, but also they looked mad at the kids. You could tell that when they got to shore, they were mad that the Kennedys had to deal with, that they were not mad that they were out there on the boat, but they were mad that the Kennedys had to be the ones to save us because that family had enough to deal with, and they thought that them drifting ashore would be a tragedy for the Kennedy family.
So, their aunts forbid them from going into the water, but they finally broke one of their aunts to let them go in, and they said yes but only to your knees, which they found very boring. So, what they did is they started playing chicken fight, but they only had three people. So, it was hard. Then, her Uncle Al decided to join even though he never joins things like that. So, she was on her cousin’s shoulders, and her cousin was on her uncle’s shoulders, and what happened was Mikayla kicked her Uncle Al in the head really hard, so his eye fell out and sunk to the bottom of the ocean. Everyone was screaming, and the eye was top dollar expensive, and the aunts were getting mad. So, she drifted out a little bit in the ocean to look for it, sifting through the sand trying to find the eye. Then, she found the eye, picked it up, screamed, and then dropped it again. So, they were looking for it again because she did not want her aunt to have to pay top dollar for another eye. Then, her cousin found it, and then her uncle washed it off and popped it back into his eye socket and wants you know that they had no idea that their Uncle didn't have an eye, so now that they know, it's hard to forget and they didn't know how they didn't know that he had a fake eye.
Then, when they got to shore, they saw David and Michael Kennedy looking at them and realized that they had been watching them, watching that whole episode the whole time. 