The story starts with Jim narrating about his starting career in journalism as a reporter for The RAM, which is the school newsletter for Fordham University in the Bronx. He recalls walking around campus and sees the dean of the school walking towards him, and at that point in time, the dean was, you know - and the school was working to create the school with more wealthy students, raise it above the middle class, and make it more elite and selective by raising tuition. So, he approaches the dean and asks about the decision to raise tuition, if that is actually going to happen, and he also brings up the point that it would kind of be going against the school's initiatives and beliefs, and the dean sort of brushes him off, doesn't really have an answer, I think. And then, before he could even say anything, all of a sudden, somebody came into eyesight and threw a cream pie into the dean's face. Now Jim, I believe, he asked the dean then if he had any comment about just being pied in the face, and all the dean says is, “Fuck you.” So, he goes - Jim goes into the journalism building and finds the editor of The Ram. He tells his story, everything that just happened, and the editor says he loves it, and to write it up, and he calls the dean a dick. So, amidst writing this story, Jim says he embellishes, he calls the assailant, the Pie Man, as a cape-wearing avenger, and that when he ran off, his cape sort of flowed in the wind, he clicked his heels and shouted a Latin catchphrase that Jim had given him in the story, which translated to, “I am not an animal.” So, the editor loves the story, and he says it's going on the front page of The Ram. Shortly after, Jim gets a letter from the Pie Man to meet up, and one of the school photographers is there. Before this meeting, a girl named Sheila, who is the student body president, I believe, came about, and Jim says that she had a lot of school spirit, she was a type A student, and then he also mentions a rumor about the dean, you know, having relations with students, if I had gotten that correctly. But Sheila had just been working on putting a ban on drinking beer outside on campus. So, the Pie Man attacked her, screaming his catchphrase again, and that then became another story for The Ram. Jim then skips to a part where he's at a bar, sees his friend, Angela, from a class, who he likes, but had never talked to, and he decides to not do anything. So, he goes up to the bar, orders a drink, and Angela taps him on the shoulder, approaches, and asks if he is the Pie Man, since the Pie Man and Jim have never - or I think that we had never seen Jim and the Pie Man in the same place or something like that. It didn't make sense that Jim wouldn't be the Pie Man. After debating his answer, he says yes, that he is the Pie Man, to try to impress Angela, and she then says to buy him a beer. 