The woman, Mikayla, starts recounting her childhood in Providence, Rhode Island where they were always in close proximity to the Kennedy family with whom they had a lot of similarities with, she says. They were both Irish, they’re both Catholic, and she describes them as the relatives they never got to see. One night, after Thanksgiving dinner, Mikayla and her family were driving home, and on the radio was the 10th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination. Mikayla starts crying, and her sister is like, “Oh my god, dad, Mikayla’s crying,” and her dad pulls over and says, “Don’t you ever be afraid to cry for that man.” Mikayla’s parents had married in the same church as Jackie and Jack Kennedy, and her father had given her mother a replica jewelry that Mrs. Kennedy had gotten from Jack. Then, she talks about the dream vacation that they always went on, beachfront I think in Nantucket or somewhere along the Cape, which faced the Kennedy Compound. She talks about how her aunts would set up the beach chairs early in the morning perfectly for spying on the Kennedys. Not facing the ocean, not facing the sun for tanning, but to watch the Kennedys throughout the day with their binoculars. She says that by mid-morning, Aunt Pat would have her first sighting of one of the Kennedys, and they would create a whole list of personal details that they had observed of the Kennedy family that morning. She says that they would break for lunch and then get right back to it. If they ever saw somebody they didn’t recognize, they would draw out the entire Kennedy family tree to, as she said, crack the code, to figure out who the unknown person was. While all the aunts were spying on the Kennedys, nobody was paying attention to the kids playing in the water. On this particular day that McKayla is recalling, the kids had climbed into a boat that was kind of floating in the shallow end of the water, and that boat got pulled into a riptide. Before they knew it, they were floating in the open ocean. They then saw a ferry, and its passengers were so close that they were able to see all the details of the passengers’ faces. She described it as being like Gilligan’s Island. Next thing they knew a powerboat with David and Michael Kennedy approached and they were rescued, and the powerboat brought them into shore and the aunts are standing on the shoreline. They look mad, but they’re also trying to kind of keep it together because they then see that the two men in this powerboat are David and Michael Kennedy. Mikayla says Aunt Gert would always shout their names and home addresses and that her Aunt Pat would say nice things but as if they were death threats. “Lay on the sand in the sun, but do it now.” So, when the aunt saw that they were with the Kennedys, they tried to act normal and put on these big fake smiles. They were furious at the fact that the Kennedys were the ones who had to save them. So, the boys bring them into shore and they leave, and one of the aunts says to give their grandmother her best. The aunts then say that the kids can’t go in the water and they have to stay on the 100-degree beach, but finally, after a lot of persuading and arguing, the kids were finally let back into the water but only at knee height. So, Mikayla and her three cousins decided to have a chicken fight, and it was only three of them, so their Uncle Al came in the water to play, and she was like, “Oh, we’re finally having actual family fun,” but she accidentally kicks her uncle’s head and his fake eyeball falls out and it sinks into the water. Everybody is just in complete shock. All you could see was her uncle’s eye socket lid open, and I’m pretty sure it was Aunt Pat who was hysterically screaming because the eye was very, very expensive and they wouldn’t be able to get another one. So, Mikayla sort of regresses into the water and she says she wish she drowned, she wished that the Kennedys hadn’t saved her because now she has been pretty much excommunicated from her family. Her cousins are looking at her like “what have you done to our father?” She is sort of feeling around in the water and in the sand and suddenly finds the fake eye, but she screams and is afraid, so she drops it, falls back into the water, and then she said she prays that it isn’t her who finds it again. So, her cousin found it eventually after an hour later. Her uncle pops the eyeball back in, kind of plays around with it. It’s still works and all is good now, but they go back onto the beach and Mikayla was kind of off to the side because her family was still a little mad at her. They realized that the two Kennedy boys, David and Michael, had taken a walk on the beach and were standing on the shoreline and had seen and watched everything that had just occurred. I’m done.