Okay. So, in the beginning of the story, she describes that she’s from Rhode Island, and that her and her family have lots of similarities with the Kennedys. They are both Irish and Catholic. Then since they really relate with them, her family was also devastated when JFK was assassinated. Then once, when they were in the car, the 10th year anniversary of his assassination was playing in the radio, and then she started tearing up, but then her dad was also tearing up and saying like, “Don’t worry about it. Anyone can cry for that man.” Then she mentioned that her whole family goes to the beach every summer, and then her aunts have a tradition of sitting altogether and having the perfect view, which is of the Kennedys instead of like the water or the kids. Then they just spend all of their time talking about the Kennedys. Then her and her cousins were in the water, but then they got caught in a riptide. They were going so far away from the shore that they started seeing the ferry, and they couldn’t see their aunts anymore. Then they finally saw a speedboat that was coming to rescue them. Once they got on the boat, she realized that it was two of the Kennedys that had saved her. Then instead of her aunts getting really mad, they were just fake smiling and pretending to be normal. The way her aunts freaked out, it’s very unique. One of her aunts frantically just says their address, while the other one says instructions, but makes it sound like a threat. Then eventually, they thanked them and the aunts were more mad that they had to hassle the Kennedys instead of them almost drowning. Then after a while, they were only allowed to play in the ocean up to their knees. So, it eventually got really boring and they decided to have a chicken fight. They were being really rough in the chicken fight because they really wanted to immerse themselves in the water. Then all of a sudden, their uncle wanted to join them in the chicken fight since they were only three and being four, they would all have a partner. So, the uncle that never played with them finally played with them. Then they were all chicken fighting. Then the girl kicked her uncle’s head so hard that his eye fell out, and then they were freaking out because they were just so in shock. Then they learned that their uncle has a fake eye, but in the moment, his children were really mad at her because they thought she really hurt him, and then the aunts got mad because the eye cost a lot. So, now, since she felt really bad, she was looking through the water for the eye. Then she eventually found it in her pocket, but then got freaked out. So, she dropped it, and then she had to look for it again. Then eventually, her cousins came to help her. Then her cousin found the eye. Then when the uncle tried, was holding it like it still moved in the right directions and everything. That’s the end of the story. 