Okay. So, there is this narrator who is telling a story that occurred when she was a young girl. She grew up in this part of, I think, Rhode Island or Connecticut. I don't exactly remember. The important part was that it was 10 minutes away from the Kennedys. Really, they kind of as a whole family really idolized the Kennedys and their parents talked - she talked about how her parents, at their wedding, her dad bought her mother replica jewelry about Jackie. Then also, on vacation, they went to this kind of beach house that was right by the Kennedy estate where, I guess, the Kennedys either lived or vacationed at the same time. So, she says, “When we get every year, we would go and we would kind of spend our vacation.” Then she explains how she had a couple of aunts who would instead of going swimming in the water or tanning in the sun or even facing the water, they would set up beach chairs on their portion of the beach exactly facing the Kennedy house and they would spend their whole time there with binoculars just locked on the Kennedy house. Throughout the morning, they would - I think the first person they would always - it was the same thing every year and the first person they would always see would be Rose and then they'd see someone else. She also said that it was super exciting when they saw somebody they didn't quite know because then they would trace out the family tree in the sand and figure out which brother that person belonged to. She also mentioned that they would stop for lunch for lobster on butter or something like that. Yes, basically these aunts were always just very into the gossip of the Kennedy family as was the whole family. They were so focused on the Kennedy estate that the two - I think the narrator's name is Mikayla, but the narrator and her cousin who - they were both nine, would be playing in the water and this one time, they discovered this sort of raft sort of thing. This little boat with no oars and no life jackets. Because they were kids, they got in, but really quickly, they were swept out to sea. So, it really became a dangerous situation rather quickly. I think she said in a matter of five minutes just because of how strong the current was. All of a sudden, they could see only - they could see their four aunts just jumping about on the shore as little dots and they could actually start to make out the facial features of people on the ferry passing by. So that was kind of just to explain how far out she was. Before long, this speed boat comes up to save them and she realizes that the two people in the speedboat are actually Kennedys. She said Michael and David Kennedy. So, they get in the boat and they are going back to their beach house on the shore. As they are getting closer, she talks about how her aunts would react when they got angry. Then she said that one of them would say super nice things in a really mean tone that made - I think she said like, “I'll get you a birthday present if you eat that cake now.” I don't remember what the first would do, but regardless, she knew that she was about to get a stern talking-to. The boat drives up and she can kind of see her aunts not quite be able to handle all the emotions of the situation because not only are they really upset at the two daughters, but now they're also kind of in awe because they're face-to-face with two members of the Kennedy family. So, they're really trying to be all sweet and wish them their best but at the same time, like really express their anger. So, after the Kennedy brothers, Michael and David, leave, they punished the two girls by saying, “Hey, you have to stay on the beach this whole time.” Of course, it was super hot out. Earlier in the story, the narrator talks about how the aunts would just put sunscreen on the top of their feet and the back of the necks or the bottom of their feet or something. No, the top of the feet and the back of their necks or something like that. Anyway, yes, so they're not allowed to go more than - so yes, they had to stay on the beach and they both start throwing a fit and they're kicking sand, and then finally, one of the aunts is like, “Okay. You can go in the water but you can't go past me deep so for a second there happy there like okay we'll go in but we can't go past knee deep.” So, for a second, they’re happy. They’re like, “Okay. We’ll go in but we can’t go past knee deep, whatever.” So, they're in the water and pretty quickly, they realized it isn't really that exciting because there's only so much you can do when you’re knee deep. Then they have the idea of, “Okay. Let's do chicken fights.” So, there's three of them but then one of the uncles, he was Uncle Jack or something. I don't know what his name was. One of the uncles comes out and he would never play with them, but this time you played with them. So, he joined the chicken fights. The narrator is on top of her cousin Kevin and the other girl or the other cousin is on top of the uncle. So, they're having fun and then all of a sudden, the narrator kicks the uncle super hard in the face that his eye pops out of its socket. She would later explain that she later learned that it was a fake eye. So, in this moment, she didn't realize it was a fake eye. She’s screaming. Of course, nobody else is as upset as they would be if it had been a real eye because they are all old enough to understand it's a fake eye, but they are still very upset because it was very expensive. So regardless, they're all super upset and she says how she feels ostracized from the family, but then she starts looking for it and she actually finds it but she's so scared when she lifts up her hand and sees the fake eye that she screams again and throws it back in the water. Now that they realized that it can be found, they're all looking and about an hour later, one of the other cousins finds it and gives it to the uncle. The uncle washes it, pops it right back in, moves it around, tests it out. Now at this point, the narrator says she realized it was a fake eye and that it really wasn't that frightening. Now everybody's happy, the vacation’s back on because they hadn't just lost the super expensive fake eye. Then she notices that there are two - there is a small group watching and she realizes two of them were Michael and David, the Kennedy boys who had saved her. She realizes by the look in their eyes that they had just watched this whole affair transpire with the fake eye and were probably rather entertained. So, it was kind of just switching of the roles where they would spy on the Kennedys and then the Kennedys would come and look at them. I'm done. 