Okay. So, this was I guess a story by a third-grade teacher, who says that she likes to – okay, recording? Okay - likes to teach her students how to learn about certain historical events. She’s a social studies teacher, but she likes to use fun engaging games as a means to teach them. So, she said that she's done things. Like she had a rock band stuffed animal, stuffed animal rock band, whose name I can't remember, but it was kind of a made-up game. They were lost while touring, and they had to go around. The children learned about the various states of the United States in order to help find them. For this particular unit, she is teaching the Oregon Trail. So, she decides to sort of make it into this game, where all of her students will pretend, or participate and pretend to be actual people traveling to the Oregon Trail. She talks about how she doesn't think that they would quite get the like, I don't know, the nuance or all the intricacies, I guess you would say, of the voyage, a trip to – that they still were made, but she thought that they – because she said that they could barely relate to their younger sister or something like that, but she did think that they would be able to appreciate the gravity of the significance of the trip in that sense. So, anyway, she creates a story. She decides to - I guess she said she wanted to mix the other game, the Oregon Trail game and the Dungeons & Dragons sort of style. So, she gives everybody names that were historically accurate, people that died on the Oregon Trail. She said that she wasn't going to tell them that or kill them off. Yes, and then use rolls of dice to determine their actions. So, she gave the bunch of kids the names. One of the kids, I guess it’s a student that’s kind of a, I don’t know, [Laughter] smart-alecky, named Alex Bacon, but they decide to – well, anyway, the situation would be like, for example, if they wanted to try to ford a river or pay a ferryman and then they would roll and decide to ford a river to see whether that floated or sank. So, they’d go along. She said that they were excited that they would ask eagerly everyday if somebody was going to die. I should go back I think earlier, that the Alex Bacon student, that he asked if it's going to be dangerous. I think she kind of confirmed that it was possibly dangerous. Then also, I forgot that she wanted them to appreciate the gravity. So, she just took them on a 40-block hike. She said it was about two miles, but it seemed like a long time or probably a pretty good walk for them. At one point, they said that they were thirsty. One of the students said he was thirsty. She said that there were no water fountains, that there was a water fountain in front of the student. There were no water fountains back then, but she was worried about getting a phone call from the parents saying, “Hey, [Laughter] you didn’t give my kid hydration,” or something. So, she came up with the – “There’s a stream nearby. So, let’s all partake,” I believe was what she said. So, she had the students gather – they get their names. They used the first name, the real first names, but they all got like historical last names of these people. Then she had to give them jobs. She said a lot of the girls wanted to be pop stars. So, she just told them that there were no pop stars back then. So, they had jobs like kind of farmers, doctors, and that kind of thing. So, they started going on the trail. She says everybody’s really loving it. The students were really engaged, excited. They’re basically getting into it. So, the teacher writes the stories every day for them. She says, every day that one of them asks, “Is somebody going to die today?” So, at some point, she finally said she wanted to make it more exciting, I guess, or something. So, she said that you have the Rocky is coming up, which is a very treacherous part of their journey. So, anything was possible. So, she writes this idea that basically a giant rock falls on the wagon, and somebody gets pinned under the wagon. They rolled to see who it was. I guess they know the student’s number. So, they rolled. It was a girl named Katie. I don’t remember what they say. I heard that she had the voice of somebody who always had messy hair, and had the voice of somebody who had smoked since she was three. [Laughter] Anyway, so she had her roll to – I just remembered the snake oil salesman, too. I should finish this first. Actually, just a quick aside while I’m thinking. At one point, they encounter a snake oil salesman, and she said that the students wouldn’t know what a snake oil salesman is or what represents, which is obviously like a conman. So, they decided to buy an elixir from him that was promising to speed up their journey and make them stronger and faster. It was not obviously, because it doesn’t work, because it was just snake oil. So, it made them sick, and they lost a day, but she thought the students were going to be very upset at that, whatever, but it turns out, they all got to say excitedly that they threw up in social studies, which I guess was a fun thing [Laughter] for them. Anyway, going back to the Rocky’s incident with the rock that’s pinned down the girl, Katie. So, she has her roll. Let’s see. She rolled and I’m trying to think of how it worked out. It’s basically one little part. Basically, she rolls and she gets out, but then her injuries are getting worse. She rolls to see if it would get infected, and it did. Then she rolled to see if the infection would get better or worse. Then it got worse. So, Katie asked her if she was going to die. The teacher was kind of – I think had said existential crisis in what to do. She didn’t really want to kill off one of her students as far as I could tell, but she wasn’t sure what to do, but there was a student who yelled out, “I'm a doctor,” and had the job as a doctor for the Oregon Trail story. So, she came up and mended. They rolled the dice and said that - the teacher said the only way she would die would be if they rolled a six. So, she rolled and got a three. [Laughter] The students all celebrated so much that there was like the end of Apollo 13, throwing things and paper in the air, and hug each other and celebrating. So, she said that at the end of the day, they got the – actually, right before, she was going to have a herd of wild animals come out, but that there was a – she threw out her plan and decided to say it was a wounded animal that they had to adopt. It was either a deer or something or a wolf. Then they’d had to bring a wolf. They gave it some kind of ridiculous name. Anyway, they traveled. They took care of it and they traveled with them to Oregon City. So, eventually, they got there. They’re sitting by at the homestead. They also like made cornbread and kind of danced to Earth, Wind & Fire, September. She said it was pretty successful unit. Anyway, she said that years later, she was walking down the street in Broadway and ran into the girl, Katie, who was now in ninth grade, who looked the same, I guess, but stretched out, she said. [Laughter] The teacher recognized her, and Katie recognized the teacher, and they said, “Hey.” Katie asked her, “Do you remember the Oregon Trail?” The teacher said, “Absolutely, I do.” Katie said, “I almost died.” That's about all I remember. I guess I get  covering everything. So, I will say I am done, and then press D.