Basically, this guy started his journalism career at Fordham University and – or I don't know if it's a journalism career but he started doing journalism at Fordham University. The dean, whose last name starts with an M, wanted to basically - I don't know if gentrifying is the right word, but he wanted to replace the working class, more poor students with richer “well-kept or well-bred” students as this guy said, and so basically, as told by the story, he was an asshole or a jerk or something. He was giving his speech and the narrator came and asked him a question like a direct question about this mission of replacing students is against the Fordham dream or something like that. Then he saw like a cloud in his peripheral vision which turned into a guy coming up with a cream pie, smashing it in the dean's face. Then he gave the dean a second and then he said, “Would you like to speak on this recent attack?” Or something like that, and the dean said, “Yes. Fuck you.” The narrator went to the publisher or the head of the journalism department or whatever and told him about the story, and the guy said, “Okay, write it. It'll be on the first page or page one.” He wrote it, the narrator wrote the story and he embellished it, which is generally against journalism. It crosses journalism lines, but he said that the line had been crossed by seeing the dean get creampied, and so he embellished the story by calling the guy Pie Man, capital P capital M, and that he wore cape and that he said a phrase in Latin which basically means I am not an animal, which makes no sense as said by the narrator. Then the narrator got an email from the Pie Man and he's like, “Meet me -” I think it was Tuesday at 3:00 on some steps, and so the narrator was there at the steps at 3:00 and there was a student who was “well-bred”, a lot more like the dean wanted. Apparently, there was a rumor that they had sex on the dean's desk, but the narrator was like, “Don't say that. Don't let that leave this room. I would never say that myself.” She was talking and then the Pie Man came up and creampied her face, and then he ran away. The narrator wrote the second story. In total, he wrote five stories about the Pie Man, which were all major in that newspaper and again, he said that he was wearing a cape and said that phrase in Latin. I think he was actually wearing a cape but he did not actually say that phrase in Latin. It really caught on. People in the school started dressing like him, they started quoting him with his Latin phrasing in class. Yes, so then the narrator was at a bar, buying a round of shots and he saw this girl that he had been flirting with who he didn't know if she knew that he existed. When he was ordering his round of shots, she came up and tapped his shoulder and asked if he was Pie Man. He said that by the way that she asked it, he knew that she would have sex with him if he said yes. He contemplated it and basically was like, “Well, aren't I Pie Man? Because I created Pie Man. I gave him a name. I wrote about him. I gave him the name Pie Man, blah blah blah,” so he said yes I think to Sheila or Sheilia or something like that. That might have been the name of the student who was speaking who got pied in the face. She said, “Okay, good. Now buy me a beer and tell me all about it.” I'm done.