The lady, which is presumably a teacher who teaches history and stuff, she teaches third grade. She’s a social studies and she had this plan to teach the Oregon Trail. Then when she introduced the plan, there was a smart kid named Alex, who waved his hand and asks if it’s probably a game. Then she’s like, “Of course, yes,” or like, “Yes. Why do you ask that because it’s always a game?” Then obviously, she was explaining the game as a combination of the video game of the Oregon Trail history and then it’s like Dungeons and Dragons. You give out the dice to like - as a role-playing game and then roll the dice to see what happens, et cetera, et cetera. She was talking about how - and the names for all these few, the people who actually died in the Oregon Trail. These kids have to keep their first names, but their last name is changed. So, for Alex, it was Alex Bacon. Yes, they start playing the game. They get their own partners. She gave an example of what the role playing - I mean, dice rolling, it sounds like. So, it’s like they come across whether to buy a water or do they want to build their own boat or do they want to bury. Then they roll and they picked which was building their own boat and they roll to see if they were successful in getting across or . That’s the example she gave. Then she was talking about one time there was a snake oil seller and then there’s this conversation between her and the audience. The kids actually don’t know what that is. It’s like how they don’t know what taxes are. That it’s just an adult thing. Then there was like  about it with an audience because they know what a snake oil seller is, which is basically a con artist. So, the snake oil seller was selling an elixir that would supposedly make you faster, stronger, and whatever. Then they roll the dice to see how much faster, how much money they got, like get , but then again, they didn’t get an elixir because it was a scam. So, she told them - no, they’re actually throwing up. They’re throwing up, but then the kids were really excited because they’re like, “Oh, we’ve got the throw up in social studies class. I think before that part, there was a part about danger. She was explaining the story to the kids. She was saying, “Oh, ,” and then the kids asked, “Will we die, could someone die?” Then she said, “Yes, someone could die.” They got really excited because rarely kids like danger and then that was before . Then the rest of the story. Katie, a girl named Katie rolled the dice and then they got - because she , talking about her legs. Then there’s another girl who said, “Oh, wait, I’m the doctor.” Then they rolled dice and Katie was saved because  not make it. But a three was she would get well. Then she got well, and I think Katie was the girl that teacher described as a little girl with a messy hair. It sounded like she smoked since she was three. But anyways, she was saved. Katie was saved. There was one moment the teacher getting really tired, I think. It was a little much for her. So, she came one day, she had a plan, and when she was , she was like, “Yes, we hear a rustling in the bushes. Is there a wild animal, a dangerous wild animal in that hedge?” It’s like, yes, that’s what she planned, but then she realized that because they get more excited over something dangerous, but she doesn’t, so she changed the plan. She said, “Now it’s actually a small baby animal that we had to adopt and bring it along with us for the rest of the trip.” Then the rolled the dice, it was a baby wolf and they named it Yenny the Bunny. Yes, the rest of the trip went by really fast. She described it as a record because  to the Oregon place, there was no  there and then the base setup is like there’s not a bunch of paint or whatnot in there. She was talking about a year ago, she was walking on Broadway and she saw Katie who is very much the same. She’s like stretched, so taller. Then she recognized her, and Katie recognized the teacher. The first thing Katie said, “Oh, do you remember one time I died?” and she’s like, “Yes, I do.” I think  the teacher was talking about . Yes, I’m done. 