Okay. So, the speaker was a student of journalism at Fordham University in the Bronx. I think the dean had just announced that they were going to increase tuition above inflation rate to attract a more proper, wealthy, and a better crowd. I think the speaker was very upset with this, and I think during some ceremony, he called out the dean and they engaged in some sort of a tussle that ended up with the dean having a pie smashed into his face, and he was just full of that cream. I think the dean was, of course, very upset that this happened, and I think he stormed out. Then the speaker was, of course, very elated that this has happened, and he went to the paper, the Fordham University paper, and he told the editor about the story. The editor agreed with him in that the dean was like a dick. He told the speaker that, yes, you should definitely go ahead and write out this story. I think the speaker got over excited that he started making things up. He added a Latin catchphrase, which was - oh my god, I’m trying to what was the catchphrase.  Oh my god, okay. He added like this Latin catchphrase, and he added lot of these details that were obviously not true. The editor published it, and the speaker got a note from the dean. He called it, I think, like a Pie Man or boogieman, I’m not sure. I think it was – I’m not sure. One of the two, maybe Pie Man. I think that would make more sense, but okay. So, he got a response saying like, “Meet me at these steps,” and he went to the steps, and this Pie Man did this really funny dance, and everyone was like, “Oh, man, that was really funny.” So then, what he did, was that he wrote - the speaker wrote five more articles about Pie Man, and all of them were just very exaggerated, but the people really loved it. After that, I think what ended up happening is that the speaker went to this bar – oh, no, wait. I forgot. So, we never spoke about Shiela. So then, there was Shiela who was this really wealthy and proper girl who banned – she banned alcohol – she banned drinking outdoors because it’s not proper and there was no beer at barbeques. Yes, there was also this rumor which the speaker made up about Sheila having an affair with the dean. So then, after that, he goes to some bar and there is this girl, Angela, who was asking him, “How are you always there when Pie Man strikes?” I think the speaker, because he really wanted to have sex with her, thinks that, “Okay, I should just pretend to be Pie Man because she seems interested in that.” So, he says, “Yes, I’m Pie Man.” She’s flirting with him, and she’s like, “Why don’t you buy me a beer and tell me all about it?” I’m done.