Okay. So, this girl, Mikayla, and her family lived in Rhode Island very close to - I think maybe about 20 miles from the Kennedys. I think she grew up in Newport Rhode Island or they have some kind of house there. I think once they were driving down by I-95, something about the Kennedys came up and then she started crying. Her dad was like, “Okay, you should never cry about that family.” Oh, no, “It’s always okay to cry about that family.” So, they always kind of treated Kennedys like family but that they're so busy. Then after that, I think she went - they were at this family beach. They were on the beach and I think the kids were just playing in the water and her four aunts were just kind of not looking at them. I think they hopped on some kind of ferry, the Nantucket, or I think they followed a ferry to Nantucket and then they got out really far into the sea to the point where they realized that their aunts just looked like four little dots. They got really scared and then they saw a speed boat with David and Michael Kennedy come to kind of save them. When the speedboat returned to shore, the aunts are trying to act poised and elegant for the Kennedys. Then what ends up happening is they kind of get punished and they’re told that they're not allowed to get in the water and they can only relax on the sand, but that's not fun at all. I think they kind of – they’re annoyed at their aunts into letting them in. What ended up happening is that they went inside. They were allowed to go up to their knees but that, obviously, wasn’t very fun. They started playing a game of chicken with her cousin Eileen, amongst others, but there was only three of them. Then what happened is that their Uncle Al joined to be the fourth. It was really fun for a minute and they were just enjoying and having fun. Then what ended up happening is I think she kicked her Uncle Al really hard on the face and his eyeball popped out and fell into the water. Everyone was kind of very mad at her and then they were all searching for the eyeball in the water in a very frenzy like, “Okay, where is the eyeball?” Finally, what ended up happening is, I think that they found the eyeball. Yes, I think she felt something really squiggly in her hand and I think she let it go, and then her cousin, Michael – oh, yes, I guess Michael is probably - no, not Michael. I actually don't know who is the other cousin, but yes, I think Al something, maybe Lewis, I’m not sure, but one of her other cousins found the eyeball in his hand and everyone was like, “Oh my God,” like, “Yay, Uncle Al finally has the second eyeball.” Uncle Al just popped the eyeball into his eye. He was like, “Oh, I’ve got to check that it’s working and everything.” Everyone was still kind of mad at Michaela and she's not fully integrated back into the family. They’re still kind of residually mad at her. I think she notices that David and Michael Kennedy were walking on the beach and they saw this entire episode of Uncle Al’s eyeball falling out. They saw that entire episode. I think she was very embarrassed about the fact that this had happened. Yes,  I know Aunt Pat one of the aunts, I think. Okay, I'm done.