So, basically, there’s a brother and a sister. The sister is called Clara and then brother is called Joe. They were sitting at the table and Joe has an envelope but he’s also looking at the window and it’s snowing and there’s a vast white terrain of snow because it’s snowing a lot. Basically, he opens the letter and he starts reading it. Clara notices his expression, and she’s like, “Joe, what’s the matter? What does the letter say?” He starts talking about how basically he’s going to lose his spot on the team.
Then, she starts talking about baseball and sports, and she’s like, “But why would you lose your spot? Blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah.” Then, he’s like, “I’m surprised you know about sports and the slang.” She’s like, “I don’t think sport is a slang.” I don’t know, that’s the conversation. He’s like, “Yes, I might lose my spot. I need to start making money with this pitching arm.” Then, he start moving his arm and she’s like, “Joe, be careful. You might hit something,” or something along those lines.
He keeps swinging, he keeps swinging. Mrs. Matts, their mother, walks in with a jug of water. Her water jug is basically a flower pot, something like that. He swings and he hits the jug and the jug goes flying, crashes on the floor and wets the floor, wets the carpet. She’s like, “Oh, my.” Well, no. She’s not like, “Oh, my.” They both screeched, Clara and the mother, and he’s like, “Oh.” He says some baseball team like at a park or something, like he scored or something. She says, “Oh, no, my carpet’s ruined.” The mother says that. He says something and then he helps her clean the water.
Then, basically, Clara and Mrs. Matts are interested in on what the letter says. So, they’re like, “Joe, what does it say?” He starts reading how the Saint Louis are offering him a spot. Clara said, “Oh my god, the major league baseball team is offering you a spot.” He’s like, “Yes. Surely, I’ll do it because it make me more money.” He’s like, “As long as they draft me.” Then, the mother’s like, “Draft? That sounds like when they used to draft people for war.”
Then he goes on, he explains how he has to get drafted because the team that he’s currently on, starts with a P like Passing, or something like that, they basically said that he can’t go to another team unless obviously it’s a higher team. The Saint Louis Missouri one is a major league so that’s why he would need to get drafted. Basically, he continues to read the letter and Gregory, which I would assume is the coach of the Patches team, or whatever, basically complimenting him how he is on the team. Clara said, “Well, I should hope so. You’re one of the best pitchers.” He’s like, “Well, I wouldn’t say one of the best.” So yes, that was the letter.
Then, Clara’s interested on another letter that’s on the table that’s written in girl handwriting. Joe’s like, “I’ll open it,” because she was being so nosy. She was like, “Who’s it from?” He’s like, “Well, I don’t know, it could be from one of my many admirers.” He opens the letter and finds out that it’s from Mabel and she’s like, “You would know Mabel’s handwriting, Joe.” Some joke like that. Basically, Mabel, in the letter, says that her and her brother is coming into town to visit. Then, Clara’s like, “Well, I’ve never met Mabel and her brother.” He was like, “Well, you’re going to meet them today because Mabel, in her letter, said that they were coming into town in the afternoon on the train.”
So, basically, he’s like, “Oh my god, I got to go pick them up on the station.” He’s like, “But their train’s probably going to be delayed if it keeps snowing like this.” Then, he gets ready. He trudges to the train station because it’s snowing so much. It’s basically empty. He’s like, “Oh, the train’s delayed.” Then, one of the people that worked there is like, “Oh boy, your train isn’t coming.” He’s like, “Why?” The first thing he thinks there’s an accident that happened to his friends. They’re like, “No. It’s just the train was delayed because it snowed so much.”