Okay. This is about a third-grade teacher. She’s doing what seems like a TED Talk. She's a social studies teacher. I guess she works in Manhattan. She's teaching these kids about the Oregon Trail. She makes a game out of all these subjects that she teaches the kids, is the way she normally goes about making these games. She's got this one kid, his name's Alex. Then there's another kid named Katie in this story. She’s doing the Oregon Trail. She tells them that they had to walk on the Oregon Trail. Only the sick, the infirm, and babies got to be in the wagon. So, they had to walk. So, they had to walk across. They walked 40 blocks in Manhattan up the East Side, because they go to school in Manhattan. They went past the drinking fountain, and the kids wanted to drink. She said, “There's no drinking fountains on the Oregon Trail, oh, but it’s a stream,” because she's like in this position where she doesn't want to get in trouble for - like she has to be politically correct with the kids. So, she says, “Oh, well, there’s a stream. We’re saved.” So, she lets the kids drink out of the water fountain, so she doesn't get a letter from home. So, she’s got to make it a game. She's got to make it kind of realistic. She has all the kids take on names for people that actually died on the Oregon Trail. The kids are always asking her if they could die during this and if it's dangerous. She actually picked people that died. They didn't even get to the end of the trail. So, yes, they do, but anyway, she makes like a similar kind of Dungeons & Dragons game, where you roll dice and you figure out what's going to happen as you’re playing the game, you know? So, they find like the snake oil salesman. She says that the kids don't know what snake oil salesmen are. They just think it's like your mechanic or something. So, they go and buy the snake oil. Then they roll a dice to see what happened, and they puked for a day instead. The kids were always asking about how is it going to be dangerous and all this, and they’re coming to the Rocky Mountains. It’s going to get really dangerous. So, she has a kid like get trapped under a wagon and roll a dice to see if she lives or not. One kid remembers that her chosen profession was a doctor. She says, “Oh, but I'm a doctor, you know?” I guess she rolled the dice and thank God the kid died, but it sounds to me like the kid wanted to die almost in the story. Anyway, I think the snake oil salesman, it was like green tea extract with ginkgo biloba or something – is probably what the guy was trying to sell. Anyway, so, the kid actually didn't die, because they rolled the rune dice or whatever. I don't know if they had tri - she didn't mention what kind of dice they had. The only thing that goes on the wagon is like – oh, a piano might go on there, you know? I remember watching a TV show about that. I guess I'm not supposed to talk about other TV shows. So, anyhow, the girl was under the wagon and her legs got squished but they got infected, it turned out in the game. Then she’s like, “Oh, jeez, why did I write that scenario?” because she’s still worried about getting a letter from home. Then she got the infection. Is the infection going to get better? Is it going to get worse? I guess the kids liked it because she ran into some girl, who’s in ninth grade later. I guess it was this girl Katie that got trapped under the wagon with her leg squished and got infected and everything. I guess it turned out she made it, the past student, and they hugged and all the stuff. She's like, “Oh, do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” Then they also had to adopt an animal. You know, I don't remember if it was a bunny or – oh, it was a wolf. That's right. I forgot what they named it though, but they took the wolf, the baby wolf, where they named him something. He was their buddy along the Oregon Trail. Let me think what else is there. Yes, one kid that was always the troublemaker, he was always asking if everybody's going to die, was Alex Bacon. I remember the same thing when I was in third grade. We all wrote all these stories. Like when we were writer - I do creative writing. It was go around the floor - is the way we did it. Anyway, I'm done. I think that's all I can remember. So, I'm going to press D now.