A guy and his sister are home, and they get some letters in the snowstorm. His sister inquires about the nature of the letters. The kid in the story is trying to keep it a secret, because I guess it's good news. His sister's asking if it's news about father's business and stuff like that. He says, “Oh, well, it means I might not be playing baseball for this one team anymore.” I guess he plays baseball. His sister thinks it's maybe bad news. He says, “Oh, no, it's good news. I think I'm going to make more money.” I guess there's another letter there that they don't open. Then he's talking about playing baseball and stuff. He swings his arm around like he's going to pitch just when his mother comes in the room, and he knocks the pitcher of water out of her hand and spills all over the floor, because she was about to water the flowers at the window. He's like, “Oh, I'm sorry.” She's worried about it ruining the rug, but it's only water. So, I don't think it's going to ruin the rug. She says, “It's a good thing I didn't bring in my good pitcher.” It’s like, oh, I guess he's her good pitcher. Then she says, “Did you hurt your hand hitting the thing?” and I guess he didn't. Then they go in and it's snowing more. I guess it's snowing quite a bit. Then they're talking about like the letter. He says, “Well, I guess I'm going to read it to you.” The guy named Mr. Gregory, is I think from St. Louis Cardinals, said they decided to draft him, because I guess he plays for the minor leagues and they’re drafting him in the major leagues. They talk like they’re like Amish or Mennonites or something. So, this is got to be way back in like the ‘30s or the ‘20s maybe. Anyway, [Laughter] he talks about how good it's going to be and he's going to make more money. They say, “Well, you got drafted. That sounds like you're going to war.” He said, “Well, that's not how - that's kind of how baseball works - is like if a major league team wants a guy from a minor league team, they just like grab him. I mean even though he signed a contract with the minor league team where he can't play for another team or anything, and they’re going to pay him as long as he plays baseball, if a bigger team wants him, they have to give him up.” So, I guess they release him voluntarily and then he goes and plays for the other team. He thinks he’s going to be better. He's going to get fame and fortune. He's going to be at the nightclub in the VIP room with a bottle of Cristal and everything, but I guess that's not how it goes in the ‘20s, because they talk like Mennonites. He probably makes $20,000.00 a year playing baseball. Then he’s got an old letter from, I guess, some girl that he’s interested in. Her and somebody else are coming to visit. I'm not sure who the somebody else is. I guess it's the girl's brother or something. They're coming on the train. So, he goes on the train. He goes to the train station to see about if they're coming. I think his sister doesn't come with him because of the snow. The guy at the train station says he doesn't know when the train's coming because of the snow and stuff. He says, “Check back later.” So, he comes back later when the train’s supposed to come. He says, “The train is not coming for a few days, because it's like stuck in the snow out there.” Then he says, “I wonder if there's anything I can do to help them.” That's kind of where the story ends, which seemed to me like a kind of funny spot to end, but anyway, I think I’m done.