The story started out with it sounds like a lady at a comedy club telling about how she used to be a teacher. She told them how she used to be like a pretty cool teacher. She would have a stuffed animal rock band and all the kids loved her because she was fun and cool. She started telling a story about how she started a theater class that was about the Oregon Trail. She decided to make them understand how much walking the Oregon Trail was as they would walk them 40 blocks through Manhattan. One kid was fond of drinking fountains. He said, “No. We’ll have drinking fountains in the Oregon Trail.” Then, she decided to change her mind saying it was like a stream that they’re so lucky they found the stream to drink from them that they could drink out of it. Later, she was saying how the kids like the danger involved in the Oregon Trail, but she didn’t because it stressed her out because the kids could wonder when they’re going to die and she didn’t want one of the kids to die in it because she didn’t want to traumatize them and like have them tell their parents what will happen.
One part of the Oregon Trail, the teacher decided to make a story and then they got to mix it with D&D, so there was a dice aspect of it like a chance, a chance aspect of it. At one point, one of the girls, one of the students that was doing the Oregon Trail, her character that she chose got an infection in her leg and then she thought she’d roll, it would just get it worse. [Pause] That’s when the teacher thought that one of her students was going to die in it, but in the end, one of the other students that was pretending to be a doctor on the trail, she said, “Hey, I’m a doctor” like “I can fix your leg.” The teacher said, “As long as you don’t roll a six, you won’t die.” All the students were all good and amped up about it waiting for the traumatic roll that the little girl was going to have to make on the dice. When she rolled it, it was a three, so she didn’t die and they all cheered like the end of Apollo 13. They’re all just little crazy happy and ecstatic for her. In the story, the lady that was telling the class she said she saw that student again in the future and the student was like, “Hey, remember when I almost died in the Oregon Trail.” [Pause] At one point on the trail, they came across some animals. They’re making animal noises and the student was like, “Oh, that’s a dangerous animal,” and then the teacher said, “No. It’s a baby animal,” because she didn’t want to anymore danger in her story. She just didn’t want any more of that stress. Then, they had to roll for what kind of animal they’re going to be adopting for the rest of the trail. It ended up being a wolf, a baby wolf. Then, they ended up getting – they said they finished the Oregon Trail at a record time. It sounds like she had a pretty successful class on it. [Pause] That’s all I could remember. Yes,           