The story is told by a narrator to an audience, and she's a third-grade teacher. She’s teaching nine-year-olds about - the story about the Oregon Trail and she's very creative. All the lessons that she does she makes up stories, she's done a geography lesson by using a band of stuffed animals who send letters from various places around the United States and the kids then they have to research those areas and what the band might be doing there, and she wants to be really creative with the Oregon Trail. So, she tells the kids that she's going to be doing and they're going to be studying the Oregon Trail and they each have to take a character. She downloaded a bunch of names of people that died on the Oregon Trail and the kids were allowed to keep their first names but they had to keep their last names. Then, they had to choose an occupation. All the girls wanted to be pop stars. She said, “No, no, no, no. There were no pop stars on the Oregon Trail. You have to choose some kind of occupation that keeps - that helps the community. So, some people were farmers, some people were herders, some people raise cattle and milk, and some people are doctors and so, they finally got their group together for the Oregon Trail. What she did was she kind of combined the dice from Dungeons & Dragons and the Oregon Trail video game. Anyway, they start out on their trip and they're going along and she talks about that. To make it more realistic, she took them on a walk in Manhattan. It was 40 blocks long. She said, “That's about two miles.” Now, two miles doesn't seem a lot, but for a nine-year-old, it's a lot and one of the boys in the group said, “I'm thirsty and I want a drink of water,” and she said, “There aren’t. There were no water fountains in the Oregon Trail.” He said, “But there's a water fountain right there.” She said, “There were no water fountains on the Oregon Trail but look you're in luck, it's a stream everybody can drink.” So, they all got a drink from the stream and they made it back to the classroom and they were hot and sweaty. They wanted to know, “Are there going to be any dangers on this trip?” She said, “Oh, there were lots of dangers on the trip. There were snowstorms and wagons lost their wheels and et cetera, and Alex is one of the smart boys, kind of smart aleck-y in the class says, “I wouldn't walk that far. I’d ride in one of the wagons.” She said, “Oh, no, no, no. Children didn't get to ride in the wagons. The wagons were reserved for the stockpile of goods that they needed for sick people and for pianos.” So, they're playing out the story of the Oregon Trail and the second or third day, one of the wagons loses its wheel and it falls over and it traps one of settlers, and the settler happened to be a girl named Katie. She's trapped under the wagon. So, they rolled the dice and it says Katie’s legs are hurt very badly. Teacher tells them to roll the dice again to see if the legs are going to get worse or get better. They roll the dice again, and unfortunately, it says her legs are getting worse and Katie says, “Teacher, teacher, am I going to die?” The teacher didn’t know what to do at this point. She’s worried about all the angry parents that are going to get in touch with her she lets her child die on the Oregon Trail. In the back of the room a little voice pops ups, Ellis pops ups, a little girl that says, “I’m Dr. Ellis. I can fix her. So, Ellis comes to the front of the room and she does her doctoring with Katie and Katie manages to survive. At this point, the teacher says, “We have 700 and some miles just to go on the Oregon Trail, but I'm going to be like Amazon next day delivery.” We hurry through the rest of the story. We eventually get to Oregon City. Everybody sets up their settlements and we end the story there. About three years later, I happened to be out shopping and I saw Katie. Katie looked exactly the way she looked when she was - I'm sorry. She saw Ellis and Ellis looked exactly the way she looked when she was in the teacher's class except just taller. They both recognized each other immediately. No, I'm sorry. It was Katie. It was Katie. They rushed up and greeted each other. Katie said, “You know what teacher, I am so glad I did not die on the Oregon Trail.” Done.