At first, Joe came back to his sister, Clara, saying that he had news from his father. Clara was reading a letter at the time. So, she looked up in worry at first. She thought something bad might have happened to him. But Joe was saying that based on an opportunity there, that should maybe something better for him. Clara was worried at first that his baseball career was in jeopardy and that something made him kicked off the team or something. Joe was saying that he may be off the team, but it depends on the circumstances. But if things go well, then he has the opportunity to make more money. Clara thought, “Oh! my God. It's something with their father's company or something about that.” But Joe said no, it wasn't that and that he actually had a letter. There, he was saying that he was a pitcher for a team called the Pistons. He had actually gone and that he was going to explain to Clara what the letter was at first. So, he starts to swing his arm around to show that his pitching arm was in great condition. But as soon as he was about to swing his arm, he hit a pitcher that his mother was bringing in to water the houseplants in the window. The pitcher went flying and the water spilled all over the floor and everything. So, his mother was like, “Oh, are you hurt? Are you okay? My carpet is ruined.” Joe was like, “That’s fine.” She was wondering why he was swinging his arm around. He was saying like, “Oh, I was swinging my arm around because I had actually gotten – I was just warming up showing Clara my pitching arm and then you happen to walk in and be in the way of my arm. So, that caused the water to fall and spill.” So then, he explains that he got a letter from the St. Louis Nationals, an offer and consideration to join their team which is a step up from where he is in the small-town Pistons team versus a Major League team. His mother and sister were both very excited for it. He said that the decision wasn’t exactly set in stone, that he was more under consideration for the position but it would still be a very big step up. The only issue was that for the team that he was on, Piston, in order to be considered for in the other team, you would have to be let go by the Pistons management. But because the Pistons are a smaller team compared to the Nationals, the national had higher, more jurisdiction over. So, they have more authority and was allowed to have Joe under consideration for the team itself. Then afterwards, he was saying that the Nationals are not the most amazing team, but it'd be a step up from where he was. It would allow him to have more opportunities and make a name for himself. He would have more recognition, money, and fame. So, his family is very excited for him. They said, “Oh, my God! This is a great opportunity for you. You’re doing well. They were just excited for him to have the opportunity to play for a major league team. Afterwards, they had a second letter. His sister was asking, “Oh, where is the letter from?” He was saying, “Oh, it’s just from one of admirers.” He said it in a joking manner. Told her it was from a person named Mabel, I think. So, they were like coming on a train. He looked outside, it was snowing very heavily. So, he went outside the station to see – he went to the station to see if the train was okay. The person he asked was like, “Oh, we don’t have information about the train right now. It’d probably be late but come back later in the afternoon and we’ll have more details for you. Joe was like, “Okay.” So, he came back later. The employee was saying, “Oh, no. There’s no use and just go home because the train is very snowed in. It wouldn’t be able to come here for a couple of days.” Joe is wondering what he could do to help. 