Okay. So, this kid that was a journalist at the Fordham newspaper, he was going up to the dean to work on another story about how they have been defunding financial aid or something for the students, and the dean’s super rude and was like - I forget what he said. He said something to him super rude and then out of nowhere, this kid, this other student came up standing beside him with a cream pie and smacked the dean in the face with the cream pie. This other student, the journalist, was completely shocked. He didn't even understand what just happened and the kid ran off and in a witty response, the journalist, the narrator has the dean if you care to comment on the incident and the dean was like, “F you,” and so after that, the journalist, the narrator, took this story. I think he was recording it like a voice recording. He brought him back to his like editing place, whatever, the journalism hub and was talking to his editor about it. The editor was like, “Oh yes, I know the dean sucks, like go with the story.
 So, he decided to go with the story but he decided to add some embellishments basically making up the whole persona of Pie Man saying he's wearing a flowing cape with shouting this catchphrase in Latin that translated to, “I am not an animal.”  He ended up getting a letter from the Pie Man who we never actually find out who it is, saying if you want to get another story like this, meet me outside of the library. So, the narrator went to the library and he stood outside. He watched the student body president come out of the library and there were all these other conspiracies about how they thought that the library was – not the library. The student body president was sleeping with the dean and how she also contributed to this whole banning of open bottles on campus, which got rid of campus parties or whatever. So, Pie Man came up this time with a cape so following the description that this narrator had written on the journal are the like Ram whatever journalism page, came up with a cape, pied this girl in the face, ran away and this time he did actually shouted the Latin catchphrase, or at least, that's what the narrator wrote in his paper.
Then, they covered five major stories of like this Pie Man pieing various people in the faces, and then one night, the narrator – it became like a big thing. People were referencing him in class and like dressing up as him and there's just a school-wide inside joke basically. Then, the narrator was in a bar and he noticed this girl from his class at the bar drinking with some friends, and I forget if he went up to her or she went up to him but she basically asked him like, “We were talking.  You always seem to know when and where these Pie Man strikes are taking place. Are you Pie Man?  The narrator was like, “Why, yes. I am,” just because he thought that it was going to get them laid. So, she's like, “Well, let me buy you a beer and you can tell me more about it.” So, they spent the rest of the night talking. He also said that Pie Man would click his heels as he ran away, and 