Clara and Joe McManson were brother and sister. They're talking about how Joe might no longer play baseball. But first, he's just kind of brooding. The sister wonders, “Is it trouble with their father's business?” But he says, “No, it's about baseball.” She's asked if he's going to be kicked off the team. He says, “Well, I might not be on the team much longer.” But he won't really tell her what's going on. She has to keep guessing. She says some slang words. He laughs at her for it. But she says it's appropriate to use slang in that situation. So, Joes states that he might be making more money in a better position in baseball but just not on that team anymore. She’s still confused and has no idea what he's talking about. Then, he throws a ball and hits a jug of water. When it does, it cracks and breaks. His mother comes in, Miss McManson. He calls her Mumsie. She isn't mad that he broke the jug because it wasn't the good jug. She asks him what's going on. He's talking about baseball. He mentions it’s snowing out. It's not a good day for baseball. Then, the mother asks something about a letter that was received. He says, “Well, the letter is right here.” He talks about how it's from Mister Gregory. Mister Gregory says that they would be considering drafting Joe for a new team. So, he's on - it's either the Pittston or the Pistons. Local team, I guess. He's good enough as a pitcher to be possibly drafted to the St. Louis Nationals team, which is more pro. If he does, he might possibly make more money and maybe fame. But it's not guaranteed that he'll even be selected. Even if he is, there's other pitchers on the team that he would have to try to be better than. So, there's no guarantee either way. But he doesn't know for sure. They're just trying to feel it out. But the team is on the Pitons or the Pistons. They made him sign a contract stating that he wouldn't be allowed to go on any other team unless he is drafted by a national team or a pro team. Then, they have to let him go. So, he's not going to be forced to stay. But he has to wait and see what's going to happen when he hears. There's another letter that he has that’s unopened. That letter is from Mabel and Reggie, who are brother and sister. I forget Mabel’s last name. Mabel Tilson – I don’t remember her last name but she, Mabel, I think likes him, likes Joe maybe. She says she and her brother, Reggie, are coming to visit. Then, the sister, Clara, asks, “Well, when will they come visit?” He says, “Oh, right now, today, on the express, I guess, train.” She said, “Well, how will she be able to do that in all the snow? There’s no way that they're going to be able to come visit in the snow today.” They looked out the window and the snow is really bad. Joe says, “It doesn't matter because I'm still going to try anyway.” His mother does mention that she didn't wish that he had become a professional ball player for money but that he’s doing well. So, she's supporting him even though it's not what she wanted for him. Then, Joe says he's going to go walk across the snow in the storm to the train depot, the train station to see if when Reggie and Mabel’s train should arrive. So, he does that even though his sister and mother, I think, they don't think that's a great idea. He does it anyway. He gets to the train station. They say, “They don't have any news. You’re going to come back later.” But then, the train conductor or the guy who sells the tickets, ticket seller – I don’t know. Maybe he’s like a front desk person tells him that something bad happened and that the train won’t be arriving for today or any day soon. He says, “Well, is it a wreck?” Joe asks. The train guy says, “No. It's not a wreck. It's worse though or just as bad. The train is stuck in the snow.” It won't be out any time soon. 