All right. So,  for a minute? . Okay, so there’s this guy. He works for the Fordham University Student Newspaper. It’s called The Dam in the Bronx, and he was walking one day, I believe, on campus and he saw the dean. The dean’s name was McGallen, if I’m not mistaken - Mick something – M-C-something, but he sees the dean and he thinks it’s very hypocritical of the dean to raise the price of tuition and so he says to the dean, “Isn’t it ironic,” or “Isn’t it contradictionary,” something like that, “to raise the tuition above inflation rate because it contradicts Fordham’s core principles?” The dean opened his mouth and said a few words, the exact words I don’t know, I forgot. He said a few words, but he didn’t finish the sentence when he was immediately pied in the face. The narrator did recall that out of the corner of his eye, he did see, it’s like someone coming and then someone pied the face. The narrator, having witnessed all this, says to the dean, “Would you care to comment on your latest attack?” So the dean says, “Yes. Fuck you.”
Then the narrator runs back to the editor who was a senior, the editor was a senior – I don’t know if they said his name but the narrator is a senior. The senior said, “Yes, I’ll publish the story,” and the narrator specifically wanted to - he wanted to fabricate the story, or he as he said, “Making shit up,” and basically he said that the dean had some Latin like -  is the dean like – I don’t know what it said in Latin or something like that. I remember some random Latin phrase going around. There was a lot of details all at once.
Then the dean read the story and all that, and then once the dean read the story, the dean wanted to meet the narrator in person on the steps of the library for something, I guess, and he brought along Sheila, and Sheila was the – yes, there were floating rumors that Sheila and dean were having an affair, and the narrator telling the story to an audience was like, “Yes, don’t tell anyone,” though, obviously for comedic relief, because he just told everyone on stage that they’re having an affair. 
So they meet up at the steps of the library and dean runs off or something in a cape – at least that’s what he depicted it in his fabricated story again, and he was pied again, I think. I believe he was pied again – yes
Then a few nights later, I guess, he’s meeting a friend at a bar, her name is Angela. The narrator clearly says that - let’s see, what does the narrator say? Yes, the narrator says that her and Sheila had been flirting, although it’s more of a one-sided thing as in he likes – I’m sorry – liked Angela, and Angela probably doesn’t really know of his existence or whatever, but he feels a tap on the shoulder and the narrator turns around and it’s Angela, and Angela says to the narrator - and asked if you’re the guy who pies the dean, basically, “Are you the pie guy?” and he says clearly, he says – like, in his head at that moment, he knew that if he said he was Angela would want to have sex with him. 
So, okay, but he’s not, I guess, and he says, “No, I am not,” and – no, he says he is. Sorry. No, he says, “He is” – what am I saying? He says he is and then, I think, that’s about it. I don’t really remember the concluding part, but – yes. 
Some details that I remember: The dean’s name was McGowan – McAllan or something. The Fordham newspaper’s name was The Dam, the Bronx. The editor of the newspaper was a senior. Sheila, Angela, the girls, steps of the Library. Angela was the crush or like the flirting girl. Sheila was the photographer. Sheila and the dean had an affair, or rumor has it that they have an affair. Yes, that’s about it. Yes. All right. 