Okay. So this woman, she grew up about – at Providence Rhode Island and she was like, “Oh, since we were kinds, we’ve always kind of known the Kennedys,” I guess, or least they were like friends. I guess they idealize them a lot on that. She was Irish, they were Irish. I recall her saying that very clearly. Here we go. One day, they were driving home and I guess it was like the anniversary of the JFK assassination and it was being played in the radio and she started crying, and her sister was like, “Dad, she’s crying about this,” and her dad pulls over and her dad was like, “Don’t you ever be ashamed of crying for the assassination of JFK,” and all of that. 
Then she cuts to the story about how when they were kids they were on vacation, and this was the ’70s. I recall her saying that this was the ’70s. They would always rent like a beach house, I guess, that was near the Kennedys, and these two aunts. Their names are escaping me right now. These two aunts, they would always set their chairs perfectly. Not that it was facing the ocean. Not that it was facing the sun so they could tan. It was just so that they could observe the Kennedys in their houses. So they would always have binoculars. Every morning would always start with them calculating Rose’s age or something like that. If they see a new member, they would be like, “Oh that’s Bobby’s” or something like that. I recall her saying that. Then they would break for lunch and then that was about it. They observe the Kennedys a lot in a sense. They were big fans, big admirers, big stalkers, honestly, of the Kennedys. 
Then this basically meant that her and her cousins were unsupervised for a good amount of time and one day they stumbled upon this plastic boat thing, I guess, that’s floating part of a plastic but they get on it and then just instantly, or from a child’s eyes, I guess, they were instantly swept away into the ocean. She watches as her aunts goes from like her aunt to like dots on the shoreline and she was like, “Oh! Well, yes, I’m fucked.” You know?  She was just swept in the ocean and then this motorboat comes to rescue them and who else in the motorboat? None other than David and Michael? I think those were their names - David and Michael Kennedy. Yes, part of the Kennedy family. So they’re in this motorboat. Oh yes, she said something like, “Yes, I’m rescued by a motorboat” and that drew a lot of laughter from the audience and I didn’t understand that. So I don’t know. She was rescued by a motorboat. They get in the motorboat, her and all the cousins get in the motorboat and then their motorboat did back. I think that’s a word. On the way back, she recalls clearly as those dots on the horizon turned back into her aunts as she comes closer. She interjects here to tell us a little about her aunts. They’re very - like if they’re mad at you, one of them particularly, will just say your address. She’ll scream your name and then she’ll scream your address because she lived on 1 Asylum Way. 1 Asylum road or 1 Asylum way. She’ll like just scream her address or whatever. The other say things very aggressively that were normal if you really just took it. Like if you just read what she said but the way she said it sounded frightening. She gave an example with birthday candles or something like that, I believe, and yes. 
So they get back and then the aunts, she says clearly that she recalls the aunts just like the aunts know that – the aunts see the Kennedys and obviously they’re mad but they have to put a façade on for a second and then whatever. Then after they leave they got a punishment. The punishment is they’re not allowed to swim in the water anymore, which honestly, that’s kind of stupid, but whatever. That’s not important. Then one day it’s 100 degrees. She said that clearly. Its 100 degrees. They are outside, they can’t swim. The aunts compromising like, “Oh, whatever. You could swim up to like your knee level.” Then they start playing chicken with their Uncle Al.  So all the cousins and then uncle Al, they’re playing chicken and it’s a family fun moment. “It’s a family fun for a moment,” she said. 
Then she accidentally kicks Uncle Al’s head very hard so much so that his eyeball pops out. She never knew that Uncle Al had a fake eyeball. I recall her saying clearly that part of her right now is still standing up that beach as a kid in shock. But anyways, it’s just very shocking all around. The cousins are mad at her because they’re just like, “The fuck bro. You just ruined my dad.”  
Yes, and then she feels bad, I guess and she starts searching for the eyeball and then she actually finds it but it was in the – I guess it just appeared in the palm of her hand and she drops it and then she’s in shock. It’s a fucking eyeball in her hand, I guess I’d be shocked too. Then she drops it. But that tells her that it’s possible to find the eyeball. So her and her entire family start digging everywhere and then one of her cousins, after about an hour of searching, finally finds the eyeball. He holds it up in triumph and yes, her uncle pops it back in. A lot of gruesome details about that. That I think – yes, I can’t recall the specifics but I remember a lot of graphic details about the uncle and his eyeballs but whatever.  Uncle pops it back in. Everyone’s happy and this part of the story, she never told anyone except now. She sees out of the corner of her eye, David and Michael Kennedy and just by the looks of their faces, she says, that they saw the entire episode happen. 
Yes, that’s about it. I think that is everything that I can recall. The specific details, Kennedys, they were Irish. She was Irish. Her aunts – I forgot their names but what they would do when they were mad say their address or sound threatening. Yes, that’s about it. 