Okay. Yes. [Laughter] All right. So, that was a, I’m assuming, a live comedy show or a TED talk or something. Anyway, the speaker was a teacher who was recalling a time in their lives when they taught third graders a unit on the Oregon Trail. A Social Studies teacher. Yes, the speaker was a Social Studies teacher who taught this unit to the third graders, nine-year olds. And by golly, this one was [Laughter] - it was a bit all over the place, but basically – well, I guess I shouldn’t say basically. It did start with the teacher recapping the type of teaching style that they have. She likes to invent games for her students, interactive games. She would write letters for them, and they will respond, and then she'd write letters back, and this made up her teaching style. She did this with various units, but when it got to the Oregon Trail, the Oregon Trail unit was a little bit more serious in terms of its content, and she wanted to reflect that, like the danger and uncertainty and all that, the peril of the Oregon trip or – excuse me, of the Oregon Trail lessons. So, she designed a unit incorporating the Oregon Trail, board game concept as well as like Dungeons & Dragons play styles as well, which is basically a mix of scenario-based decision-making with luck-based success rate, in terms of spinning dice or die to decide if you're successful or not. So, in any case she starts the unit off with a really long walking trip around Manhattan. So, I guess these are - was that Manhattan? I believe so, I guess. These are New York kids, like a 40-block walk, and she – just honest, it’s really this two-mile walk with these kids and they're getting tired and thirsty. She, ideally, [Laughter] would like to make them really experience what it was like to be traveling in a wilderness without access - without having immediate access to water all the time. One of her students - there's a student of hers that's reoccurring in the story, his name was Alex. He is one of those really smart, bright, talkative kids who has a lot of insightful comments. So, he mentioned a taxi, or he would just take a taxi. Of course, there was no taxi back in the day. She says that, and then someone was like, “I'm thirsty. There's a water fountain right there.” Instead of depriving them of water, because this teacher is very conscious and worried about getting phone calls from parents how she deprived kids of basic things that they need. So, she invents a scenario of coming across a river stream so that everyone can have a water break at the water fountain. So, back in class, back in school, the students are - well, I'm pretty sure this probably happens before she starts the units. The students do pick names, or at least last names, because they're all be roleplaying characters as such. They pick occupations and last names, and these last names are sourced from people who actually passed on, on the Oregon Trail, like from records that state that. So, every day she invents scenarios for the kids, and these kids decide what they want to do, and then they roll their dice to see how successful they are. Throughout the unit, there's a running gag, so to speak, where the kids are wondering if they're going to die, and the teacher was like, “Somebody could die,” because that was very common on the Oregon Trail, but as a teacher, she was like, “Ethically, I can’t let one of my students die on the Oregon Trail as a lesson because that could be really traumatic,” and again, the phone calls with the parents, so on and so forth. So, she gets to a point where the kids are more excited about the aspect of dying, and the danger is what keeps the kids engaged. So, she gets to a point where she is honestly trying to circumvent the death. She's inventing these dangerous scenarios, and the kids are looking forward to it. It gets to a point where one scenario is where the wagon trips over, and one of her students gets stuck in the leg gets infected, and this is all inspired by dice rolls. That look, essentially. At one point, it looks like she doesn't have any excuse for how she's going to save this girl role playing as a farmer who has infected legs and that's when one of the students in the class who's a doctor has said, “Wait, I'm a doctor” and they rushed to the front of the room and she's able to save her life and everyone cheers. At that point, they teacher was just “Like yeah, okay, we need to dial it back.” So, two dials back the danger element and allows the kids to adopt work as a scenario instead of it being like the dangerous animal scenario, and then the unit, they get to Oregon City, their destination very quickly, and the unit is ended by doing a bunch of finance stuff, setting up a homestead, cooking cornbread, I guess, for the authentic experience, and as well as - there's one more thing. Oh, yes, and they dance. They have like a - like a little class dance party to a September song, which isn't as starkly accurate as the speaker says, but that’s stretching some things. So then, that's that for the Oregon unit, and years later, she runs into the student who was the farmer with the affected legs, and they have - they recognized each other. The student is a ninth grader at this point. So, it's been quite some time, and they recognize each other, and the first thing the girl says was like, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail? They both laughed and so on. 