[Pause] Okay. This was a story that was told by a woman. She said that she was a third-grade teacher and that she was teaching her students about the Oregon Trail. She didn’t say this, but clearly, she is incredibly creative and she tries to make learning both fun and engaging. So, she alludes to, I guess, a unit that she did where she taught geography to her kids by having them help a plush animal rock band navigate the United States, and the rock band would send letters that she had written and then the kids would respond to the letters. She also alluded to something else that she had done that was also creative. So, they’re going to start the Oregon Trail, and she’s trying to set something up, and she says to her class that they’re going to start the Oregon Trail. Then, she has a smart-alecky kid named Alex who asked if it’s going to be a game, and she says, “Yes, it’s going to be a game.” She devises a game and it is based on – oh, first, before she talked about how the game was set up, she talked about how she researched everything and she came up with the names of people who had died on the Oregon Trail. So, she let all of her students keep their first names, but then she assigned them a name of somebody who had been on the Oregon Trail and who had died there. Alex - I forgot the name, I think it was one syllable. I forgotten it now. Then, she devised the game so that it was based half on Dungeons & Dragons and half on, I guess, the learning game, computer game, Oregon Trail. So, she said that it was laid out, but then I guess from Dungeons & Dragons, you roll dice to see what the outcome is. So, she devised this game that was a hybrid, and then she gave everybody the surname of someone from the Oregon Trail. I don’t know how this came up. I don’t know if it was Alex asking questions, maybe it was he, but somebody asked - I think Alex asked if there was going to be danger, and then he asked a series of questions and then he said, I think, “Can someone die?” Then, she said, “Yes, they could die.” The kids were all abuzz. They like that. So, they began the Oregon Trail. Then, she said what happened is she made a bonnet, she sewed bonnet out of upholstery fabric, and she said that she was Mary and that Mary was the captain and going to lead them through the Oregon Trail. So, they started, and there was a woman – oh, no, I’m sorry. There was a girl, and her name was Katie, but – oh, this is - put that on hold. Then, she started and they were doing different things on the Oregon Trail, and there was a series of statements about the Oregon Trail. I guess it was Alex. Oh, I remember. She wanted to get them ready, so she had them walk 40-blocks in Manhattan on the upper west side, close to Riverside Park, and for a nine-year-old, 40-blocks is a lot. One of the students wanted to get water and she said there was no water fountains on the Oregon Trail, but then she worried that she was going to get a call from a parent saying that she had denied a child or student water on this long walk, so she said, “Oh, here it is, the stream,  stream, and then we’ll get water.” So, they got water. She wanted them to get in the right mindset and to get started. They started, and she was their Captain Mary, and she was leading them, and then Alex said that he wanted to ride in the wagons, but she said that the children all walked and that the only things that were in the wagons were elderly people who were infirm, supplies, and if you had a piano, your piano would be in the wagon. So, they were walking, and then each day, something would happen and then they’d roll the dice. She said that there were elements of danger, but nobody died, and I think that the pressure was mounting on her, and so she felt like she had to come through. She wrote a bunch of situations where there was more of a physical threat of death, so what happened was I think that they were going up the Rockies and then the wagon fell and it crushed somebody’s legs, and so they rolled the dice to figure out who it was going to be. It turned out to be one of the girls in the class named Katie, and she was Katherine Chandler or something like that, and then there was a series of rules to figure out what was going to happen to her. So, her legs were crushed and then – oh, let me take a break. There was also a point, and this was earlier, that there was a snake oil salesmen, and the third graders don’t know what a snake oil salesman is, so the snake oil salesman said that they were going to be stronger and faster if they bought the snake oil. So, they all bought the snake oil, and they didn’t understand that snake oil salesmen meant con man. As a result of that, they were all sick and they were throwing up in the game the next day, and they were thrilled that they were talking about throwing up in class on the Oregon Trail. So, Katie has been, who is Katherine, crushed by the wagon and then what happens is that there’s a series of rolls and she’s not getting better because – oh, her legs get infected in the series of rolls and she’s not getting better, but that’s the point where the teacher has written up to and she hasn’t written anymore, and she doesn’t know what she’s going to do. But then one of the other girls in the class named Ellie, who has the same name as Katherine, Katie - I can’t remember what it is Chandler, starts with a C, , I’m not sure - but she says, “I’m a doctor,” and so then they roll, and if Katie gets a six, she dies, but she rolls and she gets a three, and so she’s saved. The kids are really excited. I’m not even sure if that’s the point where it’s like Apollo 13 and the papers are going up and they’re celebrating, but the teacher, the speaker, is just exhausted from all of this. So, she says after that, she speeds everything up and she just sort of makes it smooth sailing to Oregon City. Then, when they get to Oregon City, they have to do homesteading and the budget. I don’t know where the budget came from, and they’re happy that they’re there, and then it winds up. Then, she says that many years later she’s walking down Broadway in Manhattan and she runs into Katie, who was in third grade when she was teaching her, but now, she’s in nineth grade, and she says she looks the same except that she’s been stretched out. She says that she instantly recognized is Katie, Katie instantly recognizes her, they hug, and then Katie says, “I almost died on the Oregon Trail in your class.” Boy, I don’t remember the closing. I think the speaker, teacher says that she remembers.