Okay, so this story is about a third-grade teacher who is teaching the last unit of their year to the class, which is the Oregon Trail. Now, this teacher is a fan of the sort of goofy style of teaching where she comes up with games and uses puppets and simulations and will write letters to the class from historic individuals and have them write back. So, that’s her sort of teaching ideology. She is a little bit confused by the Oregon Trail at first because it’s quite a heavy topic, and she’s like, “How do I make third graders interact with something like the Oregon Trail,” which is quite heavy and there’s a lot of morals to it. She’s like third graders don’t really have the ability to even have the perspective of their younger siblings, so how could they gain a perspective of someone on the Oregon Trail? So, she decides that she is going to make them learn in a more hands-on way and sort of create a game out of it. So, she starts off by going to class, introducing the topic, and saying, “Okay, we’re going to be doing the Oregon Trail, but we’re going to be doing it as a game, and it’s going to be a dangerous game.” So, the third graders really like this idea of danger, but this kid named Alex Bacon who is sort of a smart aleck was sort of like, “Oh, are we going to die?” She was like, “Oh, you never know. It’s a dangerous game.” So, because they’re in Manhattan, she decides that in order to simulate the journey, they’re going to walk for 40 blocks which is two miles and it’s not that bad, but she recognizes that it’s bad for ninth graders. So, they decided to go on this two-mile walk. They’re near the Hudson River and they walked these 40 blocks. During the walk, kids are complaining and things. One of the kids says, “I’m thirsty.” Her gut reaction is to say, “There’s no water fountain on the Oregon Trail,” but she knows that if she does something like that, she doesn’t want to be the teacher to get a note from a parent saying, “You withheld water for my child.” So, when the kid spots a water fountain and says that he’s thirsty, she flips it and says, “Oh look, it’s a stream. Let’s go partake. Let’s partake in the stream and drink up.” So, they retuned from their walk and they’re all hot and sweaty, and she continues with this sort of game, but now she’s sort of modeling the rest of it on the video game of the Oregon Trail where you sort of roll dice and go through different possibilities. She basically prints out these sort of character cards of all these real occupations and has the class decide on what their name is and what their occupation is. So, a lot of the kids, especially the girls, want to be with pop stars and things, and so she has to sort of bring them down to earth and say, “Oh, there were there no pop stars on the Oregon Trail,” and so all the kids decide to then become farmers or doctors or gold miners. The game starts and all these kids are in character now and the kids are enjoying it. She decides to then incorporate the video game aspect, and so they start walking and she’s like - one of the kids want to go into a wagon, but then she explains, “Oh, kids didn’t ride in wagons. Wagons were for injured people or supplies or piano,” because she’s done her research. Then she comes across - the class comes across the snake oil tradesman and she tells her audience that, obviously, you guys, as adults, know that the snake oil salesman is a conman, but obviously, these kids don’t know that so when she tells them, “Oh, the snake oil salesman is going to give you an elixir that’s going to make you stronger and faster and will help you get to Oregon City faster,” all these kids decide to take it, and then they sort of rolled dice to see how bad the effects are and she tells them, “Oh, you’ve been conned and now you’re throwing up for a whole day and you won’t be able to travel.” So, she thinks these kids are going to be disappointed, but all of them were getting really excited and saying, “Oh, today, I threw up in social studies.” So, the kids are sort of excited about it and then they continue on their journey and they come across a river in the sort of simulation, and then they rolled dice to see – or first, they decide actually, “You’ve come across the river. Do you want to pay for a boat or someone to ferry you across the river, or are you going to sort of float your wagon across the river?” Most of the kids decide to take the chance and float it, and so then they rolled dice to see whose wagon would sink or float. This whole time, this teacher is sort of playing with this idea of danger but also doesn’t want any of the kids to die. Throughout this whole simulation, this Alex Bacon kid always asks, “Is someone going to die today? Is someone going to die today?” The teacher always says like, “Oh, we’ve been lucky so far, but you never know,” and then she does this action of putting on her bonnet and getting in character, which she notes is one of her favorite parts of this whole simulation. So, the kids float or sink their wagons and slowly, they start moving across. Eventually, it gets to this point where a wagon sort of flips over in this simulation, and all the kids have been assigned numbers and they roll the dice to see who has been trapped under the wagon. They roll it and it turns out that the person trapped under the wagon was this sort of quiet girl with messy hair who talked like she was smoking since she was three. Her name was Catherine, and it turns out she’s the one that’s trapped under the wagon. So then, now, they have to roll a dice to see, okay, do you escape, and what your injuries will be, and can they get the wagon off you? So, they roll a dice and the wagon is lifted from her, but she gets an infection, and so then the teacher is sort of like, “Why did I come up with these possibilities? This is starting to get really dark because the kid was trapped under a wagon.” Then, okay, luckily, it got lifted up, but now she has an infection, so then they roll again to see if the infection will get better or worse, and the infection gets worse. So, now, the teacher is really, really sort of worrying because she doesn’t want the kid to die in the game and get an angry note from a parent. She’s a little bit confused because she also doesn’t have any more possibilities sort of listed out, and so she’s sort of in a state of panic while this girl named Erica from the back starts yelling, “I’m a doctor, I’m a doctor,” because she’s playing a doctor in the simulation, and so the teacher is sort of like, “Thank God.” So then, they’re like, “Okay, the doctor is going to treat you,” but they roll a dice to see whether Catherine survives or dies. If Catherine rolls a six, she’s going to be dead, but if she rolls anything else, she’ll survive. So, she grabs the dice and she does the little lucky shake, and one of the kids says like, “Shake it again to really make sure,” and then she rolls and she rolls a three, so she survives. The kids go insane like one of the Apollo missions just landed. They’re throwing papers. Catherine and Erica hug each other. Everyone’s really happy, and the teacher is also quite relieved. She’s like, “Okay, from now on, we’re going to sort of speed through this and try and get through this without anyone dying because that was a little bit of a close call,” and Catherine’s also like, “Oh, I almost died. I almost died on the Oregon Trail.” So then, they continued the journey and at one point, they hear, “Oh, there are animal noises coming from the woods.” Again, this Alex Bacon kid says like, “Oh, is it wild animals?” So, up until now, the teacher was toying with this idea of danger, but then now she’s sort of scared because it was such a close call with Catherine that she’s like, “Oh, it turns out that there’s not a wild animal. It’s actually an injured baby animal and we have to adopt it and bring it with us.” So then, they roll a dice and it could have either been a baby fox, a baby bunny, or a baby wolf, and they roll the dice and it turns out that it’s a baby wolf, and they named the wolf. They all really loved the wolf and they basically sort of speed with record speed like Amazon Prime two-day speed to finish off their Oregon Trail journey. At the very end, they sort of baked cornbread and they danced to September by Earth, Wind, and Fire which is not accurate to time, but it’s a celebration and they’re all happy. Then some years pass by and this teacher then runs into Catherine on the street near Broadway. Catherine’s now in ninth grade and she looks quite the same, but she’s just been sort of stretched tall, and so they sort of remarked and hug each other and they remember each other. Then the first thing Catherine says is, “Hey, do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail in social studies?” The teacher goes, “Yes, of course I remember.” That was the story. 