Okay, so this story starts with a brother and a sister sitting in front of a window, and the brother, Joe, looks up at his sister Clara from an envelope and Clara is very curious about what’s in the envelope. Clara is like, “Oh, what’s going on? What was in the envelope? What did you read?” Joe is like, “Oh, it’s just some stuff about baseball,” and the fact that he might have to leave the current team that he’s on, and so Clara gets concerned and she’s like, “Oh, are you getting dropped from the team? You’re a really good player, I wonder why they’d do that.” Joe is like, “Yes, I might have to leave the team. I’m not 100% sure yet, but it’s looking like that.” He sort of looks out through the window at the snow that’s falling and sort of reminisces. Clara’s still very confused as to why he’d be dropped from the team, and so he’s like, “But don’t worry, I might be able to make more money with this pitching arm I have.” Clara is still a little bit confused, but then he sort of twirls his arm in a pitching motion. As he’s doing that, their mother walks in with a jug of water, and his pitching arm then hits the jug out of her hand and the jug spills water all over the floor and crashes down and cracks into multiple pieces. So, his mom and his sister do a little scream and he exclaims like, “Out at first base.” His mom is sort of curious like, “Oh, are you okay?” She’s like, “What’s going on?” His sister is also still very confused, so then he grabs a mop and cleans up, and after everything quiets down, he sits down with his mom and his sister Clara. His mom asks him, “What’s going on? What’s happening with the envelope?” He pulls out this piece of paper, but his sister notices that the paper is - the envelope is different. The previous envelope that he was looking at had more girly handwriting and this one seems more official, and so he opens up the - he shows his mom this flyer, this piece of paper that’s in this envelope, and he’s like, “Oh, Mr. Gregory is saying that managers from the St. Louis Nationals baseball team are scouting him and are sort of negotiating for his transfer to that team from the current sort of minor league team he’s on. So, his sister – before that, his sister sort of asked him like, “Hey, this is the wrong envelope.” He’s like, “Oh, we’ll get to the other one later.” So, he tells his mom this and he’s like, “Yes, Mr. Gregory from the team has said that the St. Louis Nationals want to recruit, yours truly,” and he sort of gives a bow in a sort of theatric style. His mom is really excited and she goes, “Will you still be able to play with Mr. Gregory’s team and the ?” He was like, “No. Unfortunately not. We’ll see what we can get worked out, but probably not.” His mom is like, “Oh, but why? You do so well with this team and you’ve been really successful,” and he’s like, “Oh, the way baseball works is your sort of managed. You don’t really have a choice in a lot of these things.” He’s like, “A lot of people criticize that,” but he hasn’t been in baseball long enough to sort of feel the negative impacts. So, he decides or he then tells his mom like, yes, when he signed up to play for this sort of minor league team, he signed a contract that basically said the team could basically keep him on and that the only time he could switch teams was if his current team released him, but because the St. Louis Nationals, they’re a big MLB major league team, this smaller team would have to give him up and they have to listen to them. So, he’s like he sort of has to go to the St. Louis team but he’s like, “Oh, it might bring me a lot more success and a lot more fame and a lot more money if I go to this bigger team, and it might be a route to even bigger teams in the MLB because the St. Louis team wasn’t great.” They’ve had a few wins in this stuff, but they haven’t been one of those really great teams. So, he’s telling his mom this and have this sort of conversation and they say congratulations. He sort of recognizes how much work it’s going to be and he’s like, “Oh, there’s probably going to be a lot of pic- there’s probably going to be other pitchers on that team and it might be a lot of work to try and sort of outplay them and prove that he’s the best, and so he sort of recognized all of these things and they finished up that conversation. As him and Clara are going back to the room, she’s like, “Oh, what’s happening with the other envelope with the girly handwriting?” He’s like, “Oh, it’s probably just a letter from one of my admirers,” and he’s a little bit cocky about it and she’s like, “Oh, just open it up and tell me,” and so he opens it up with his pocket knife and he’s like, “Oh, it’s from Mabel.” His sister, Clara, is like, “Oh, well, of course it is. How could you have forgotten her handwriting,” and things like that. So, he’s like, “Oh, it turns out that Mabel and Reggie are coming here.” She was like, “Oh, to visit us?” She’s sort of excited about meeting these people and he was like, “Oh, not exactly. Her” - real quickly before I forget, at the beginning, Clara inquires about the envelope because she’s worried it might be important or related to their dad’s business, but Joe says that it’s not really to the business, but it is important. Anyways, going back to where we are now, he’s like, “Oh yes, Mabel is visiting because her brother has some work at the hotel and they’re going to be stopping by here for a day or two and might come visit us.” Clara is like, “Oh well, I sure hope they do because it would be really nice to meet them.” Joe is also excited, and he’s like, “Well, I should probably get going,” and Clara is like, “Where?” He’s like, “Oh, their train is coming today.” So, he was like, “I should go to the station and go greet them and pick them up,” but he looks out of the window and sees that it’s snowing and Clara is like, “Oh, you never know, the train might be delayed because of this sort of blizzard. It looks like it’s getting worse.” So, he’s like, “Well, they’ll probably know more at the train station, and so he gathers his things and he heads out into the snow and he’s sort of thinking about this new opportunity he has with baseball, and it turns out he sort of likes Mabel, and so he’s excited to see her as well, and so he’s feeling really positive. Joe then walks to the depot, and the stationmaster there basically tells him, “Oh, it’s really hard to say right now because of the weather. We can’t really tell. Most of our trains are late, so he’s like, “How about you come back in the afternoon and maybe I’ll have a more specific or satisfactory answer for you.” So, Joe then comes back in the afternoon and the stationmaster tells him, “Oh, the train is going to be coming tomorrow,” and so Joe gets really worried and he’s like, “Oh, has there been a crash?” He’s thinking about his friends being hurt, but then the stationmaster’s like, “No, there was no crash, but the train is sort of stalled and is blocked by the snow about five miles up from here, and so they’ll have to sort of wait and go through a process of getting it out.” So then, Joe is relieved and the story ends. 