Okay, so essentially the main character, Joe, receives a mail and his little sister, Clara, asks whether it's about his father's business and if they're in trouble or anything. Joe clarifies that it has nothing to do with his father's business, but it has to do with his baseball league. His little sister, Clara, is worried that he lost his spot in the team, and Joe just continues to tease and laugh at her because he's just being very vague about the entire situation and saying that his pitching arm will make him more money. Clara is, at this point, confused because she doesn't know how. She still thinks that it has to do with him losing his spot and thinking that it will - she doesn't see how the two things are correlated with each other like making money and losing his spot, but Joe just continues on being vague until he starts practicing his pitching throw position, and he accidentally knocks out a water jug that his mom is carrying into the living room. That's where his sister, Clara, tries to warn him, but too late, and it makes a big mess on the carpet, but he eventually comes back and cleans it up. That's when the mom starts asking questions of the two letters that he received, and Joe finally opens up and tells the mom and the sister what's going on, and her basically saying that he’s being negotiated to join the, the St. Louis team, the Major League Baseball team, from Mr. Gregory, his manager. Essentially, he's being drafted, and the mom is worried that he's not making his own decision because he essentially has no say if he wants to go or not, and Joe asserts that he has no problem with leaving because he'll make more money in the major league rather than staying with his minor league. He knows that he has to work hard at the major league because there will be other competition there, and he makes a promise to his mom that he will do good no matter what. His mom is still in disbelief that he made baseball into a career, but she is proud, nonetheless. Joe continues reading the letter that he received and just making it clear that nothing is definite, but everyone is just already accepting that he might leave. Joe goes on to research or wants to research more about St. Louis. Then in the second letter that was unopened, the mom questions what that is, and Joe opens the letter and says that I think Mabel is the name, is visiting with another person, and Clara gets excited because she's never met them. As Joe continues reading, he notices that it says that they're coming in today in their time, so he goes to the station to meet them when their train arrives, and he starts thinking about his time or his future in St. Louis, and being a part of a major league baseball team. He just is involved in all of these thoughts. Station Master comes up to him saying that the train won't be in that day or for several days because the train was snowed in, and Joe is in disbelief of this and is worried because his friends are on the train, and that is pretty much it. 