Okay, so essentially this narrative was about a third-grade teacher who has a different conventional way of teaching. In this case, she wanted to do a lesson on the Oregon Trail, and she called herself a puppet master who does different characters, and different - she makes her lessons into a game essentially. She called herself not a serious teacher. She knew that the Oregon Trail would be so complex, but the actual importance of it would translate to her third graders, so she announces it to her class that they are going to be learning the Oregon Trail. A kid raises the question, “Is it going to be a game?” Because they have been used to the games, and the teacher responds to that question saying that it will be a dangerous game, and then from then on, her lesson plan was essentially assigning roles to each of the kids, them having their Oregon Trail names and occupations. She wanted to really immerse, make this game as real as possible, so she actually took them on a 40-block walk, so essentially like 2 miles, and the kids of course were complaining about it the whole time, but once they were finished with that, the game continued. For this particular game, it kind of got out of hand, or at least to the teacher, it got out of hand because it became more and more dangerous. Essentially, she wanted to take it down that path, so she made it a game of chance where she would combine the Oregon Trail video game with the Dungeons and Dragons, so each day would be like a different scenario. One of the kids, I think it was the same kid that that asked if it was a game, asked if they could die in the game, and essentially, the teacher responded with yes and the whole classroom cheered on or whatever. That just made the teacher realize that these kids were excited to come to their social studies class. As they were playing through the game, one of the kids rolled a dice where her leg was trapped or something, and then she rolled again to see if she was free or stuck, and she got freed, but her leg was infected. Again, she rolled to see if she was safe or not from the infection, and in that moment, the teacher realized that maybe she took this way too far by writing these possibilities because it was starting to get a little too dark and she never intended for anyone to die even though the kids wanted that suspense. It was going down that rabbit hole, but one of the other kids announced that they were a doctor. She used a quote, “Wait, I’m a doctor!” Yelled out in the classroom and that was a moment of relief for the teacher because no one had to die - well actually, it all weighed down on the roll of the dice. If it rolled on a six, that was the only way they could die - or the person with the infected leg, that was the only way they could die, but the suspense built into the classroom, and the doctor eventually rolled not a six and everyone cheered on, hugged each other, and they were all relieved that no one had to die, and the kid with the infected leg, I think her name was Katie, she was just in a state of shock, saying, “I almost died, I almost died.” The game continued on, the teacher veered away from the danger and went on a more relaxed, cheerful journey where they just expedited the whole thing, and they got to Oregon City, and that was the end of that. But then the teacher mentioned that a year prior to when she was speaking about this whole situation, she actually saw Katie, the girl who almost died, on the street, and Katie recognized her and they talked, and she mentioned - or Katie mentioned that - or asked, “Do you remember when I almost died?” That was the end part of the story. 