Okay. So, the story began with this guy who was a journalist for The Rams at Fordham University. It began when he was talking to the dean on campus about how the dean wanted to change the population of students from working-class, more like lower to middle middle-class students to upper middle-class students and he was going to raise the tuition over the inflation rate or something. Then he was talking about how - when he was having this conversation with the dean that the dean was kind of like, “Well, fuck you.” Oh, sorry. “Well, screw you,” then, bam, the dean gets hit with pie by Pie Man and then the guy telling the story goes to write about it, write about the dean and the Pie Man situation. Then after, he was talking about how drinking outside on campus got banned and he was saying that now no one could really drink on campus anymore and that the dean had created these rules and that he heard these rules from some girl named Susie maybe and the same girl was also sleeping with the dean which he made it important to be known, not that it wasn’t true.
Then he was talking about how this mysterious Pie Man was striking people and was striking people, at the same time, no one knew who this guy was. So, since no one really knew who he was and he was like, “Well, people always know that I’m around for the Pie Man spotting so the same guy who struck the dean. I’m always around for these Pie Man spottings. So, people might think it’s me. I don’t know.” One day, he is at the bar and this girl comes up to him and is like, “So, we were wondering, are you Pie Man because you always seem to be there when there are Pie Man spottings?” This is when the guy, the guy who runs the journal at The Ram, stops and he’s like, “Okay. I tell this girl I’m Pie Man, right. If I tell her that I’m Pie Man, then she literally might want to sleep with me,” and so, whatever. He’s like, “I know who Pie Man is.” Then though he says something that alludes to him being Pie Man and then the girl is like, “You know what, buy me a drink or whatever,” and that’s how he ends his story.     