Okay. So, the story began. So, the lady talking was saying how she was from Providence, Rhode Island and that she would vacation. Well, when she said it, she was in Providence, Rhode Island and she began talking about her parents and how they got married in Newport at St. Mary's Church and that the Kennedys, specifically Jackie and the other one, got married there as well, and how due to her family's obsession with the Kennedys, her dad gave her mom a necklace, the same jewelry, same wedding jewelry of the Kennedys. Then she went to talking about her aunts and she started talking about how they were on a beach vacation either in Rhode Island at the Cape. They were talking about the beach vacation or whatnot and just all about how her aunts would literally sit on the beach not towards the water, not towards the sun, but towards the Kennedys’ house just watching with their binoculars. She was saying how watching with their binoculars, they would literally just sit there and they would keep track of who was coming in and out of the house.
Then one day, her aunts were so distracted watching who is coming in and out of the house that afterwards, her and her other cousins, they went into the water on a paddle boat without any paddles, and they got out really far and their aunts are looking really, really small. They're really far from shore but their aunts were distracted because they were watching the Kennedys. Then a motorboat came to save them. What they hadn't noticed was that it was Michael Kennedy and Michael-something-else Kennedy, that they had saved them and they were like, “Oh, wow. This is an interesting shock,” and they were going to be brought back to shore. They're being brought back to shore and their aunts’ small heads now started looking bigger and more angry, but then they the saw the Kennedys. So, on their faces, they have these mixed reactions. They were trying not to show their anger but they were looking at the kids being like, “You're going to get it.” The Kennedys drop them off and they're like, “Thank you,” while they’re speaking in weird English accents. Oh, she was also talking about she was like Irish too and the Kennedys were Irish and the family would compare themselves to the Kennedys.
Then after that, they were dropped off. They were punished and for the rest of the vacation, even when it was 100 degrees, they can only be in the sand until one day, they got to go knee-deep in, ankle-deep in or something because it was so hot and they got to go. They're like, “Oh, let’s have fun,” and soon, they start getting into chicken fights. They went chicken fighting in the water with her uncle. She accidentally, the girl telling the story, hit her uncle in the eye with her foot, knocked out his fake eye that she didn't know it was fake. It was like this whole embarrassment, it’s all the shame. She’s like, “Oh, no. How are we going to replace his eye because the eye is actually insanely expensive?” It’s kind of funny. Then after that, she was talking about how her cousins were also angry and everyone was just kind of like in a fluster of “What the hell - like what the hell happened? How did uncle get his eye taken out? This is going to be so expensive,” and how no one knew that the eye was fake to begin with. Then, yes, they continued saying and then she was talking about how her aunt, whenever she’d be mad, would say her name and then the road, she’d be like, “They live at the Elizabeth Asylum Road,” and just like doing stuff like that. Then at the end of the story, she realized that Michael and the other Kennedy had been watching them the entire time and she was like, “Huh, we were watching the Kennedys but now, they're watching us,” which is so silly, to be honest. But, yes, more details. Yes. They were Irish Catholic just like the Kennedys and so that kind of drew her aunts and family into a fascination with them because their entire fascination was driven out of, “Oh, my God. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same,” which wasn't true obviously but that is just what it seemed like. Yes. I mean, the end of the story was that they were watching the Kennedys and the Kennedys ended up to do the same and watch them, watch the entire debacle happened with the uncle which was silly, silly, silly, silly.