There was this family and they were obsessed with the Kennedy family. They love them so much. They felt connected because they were both Irish and Catholic, and so they felt this deep connection with them. So, when their grandma took them on vacation to a rented beach house – oh, they felt so connected that there was a song that played, and this was after the tragedy that happened to the Kennedy family. One of the children started crying, and the other, the brother or something, was like, “Dad, the girl is crying.” His dad turns around, tears in his eyes as well and is like, “Don’t you ever hold back your tears for this man.” So, they’re all crying because the Kennedy’s tragedy is also their tragedy. Back to when the grandma took them on vacation to the rented beach house, every single year at this beach house, they share a property or beachfront with the Kennedy family. The aunts always position their chairs and apply sunscreen on their neck to just sit in the sun specifically in front of the Kennedy’s property, nowhere near the water, not in direct sunlight, but just to spy on the Kennedys, and they will have these high lens binoculars to look at them. One of the aunts will always - they always have the same conversations where one of the aunts would be like, “Oh, Rose is up, Ethel’s drawn,” and details as such about the same daily routine that the Kennedys will have, and then they’ll break for lunch but then return to their positions. While these aunts are so focused on spying on the Kennedys, all the kids are in the water, and basically no aunts or adult figures are watching these kids or surveilling them while they’re in the water. So, one day while all the kids are in the water, they get on this raft that is not in very great condition. There’s no oars or anything, and some wave takes them away from shore. They’re pretty far out when they realized that they can see and make out the details of the passengers’ faces on the ferry out in the sea with them. The kids realize, “Oh my god, the aunts didn’t see us. They’re not going to save us. Who is?” Their aunts are so far away that at this point, they’re just four jumping dots. All of a sudden, you see two Kennedys, Michael and another Kennedy, pull up in their boat and they rescue the kids. They bring them back to shore. While the kids are being brought back to shore, the kids are anticipating that their aunts are going to yell at them. One of them, I think Aunt Momo, yells. They just yell out random information like the kids names and their addresses, like for the narrator’s address, it was like Asylum Road or something. So, that’s what they were anticipating, but once they get closer, they see their aunts’ faces, and when the aunts realize that they’re in the same boat as two Kennedy figures, they watched their aunts’ expressions morph into ingenuine smiles, like forced smiles, excitement being like, “Oh my god.” They just did not have the emotional capacity to even be upset with the children when they were in the same boat or vicinity closely to the Kennedys. So, that goes on and on to like “Hey, you can’t go in the water now.” So, as these kids are just kicking the sand on the beach, they’re like, “Fine, you can go into the water now knee length.” So, the kids do and they start doing chicken fights because they’re like, “This is boring,” so they do chicken fights, and Uncle Al joins them in the water with the chicken fights, and for a moment, they feel as if they are having some genuine family fun, some family bonding. So, they’re on chicken fights where they’re on each other’s shoulders in the water. So, the narrator’s leg meets Uncle Al’s face. She kicks him with  great power and his eyeball pops out, and so they obviously start freaking out. They’re all in shock because his eyeball just sinks to the bottom of the ocean. These kids did not know - who were not Uncle Al’s kids - did not know that Uncle Al had a false eye, had a fake eye. So, they’re freaking out and all the aunts come in the water and are freaking out as well like, “Oh my god.” This was one of the most top-notch fake eyeballs. It was magnetic and it was like synced – like worked with the other eye. I don’t know. It was just one of those very expensive eyes that costed a fortune. So, they’re freaking out and all this stuff, then they started having a conversation of like who’s to blame and how come the kids didn’t know. So, the narrator starts sifting through the water, kicking the sand, and she’s like, “I need to find his eyeball.” So, she actually does find the eyeball, and because when she lifts her hand up from the water, there’s a literal eyeball staring back at her, she screams and drops the eyeball again. Everyone was like, “Oh my god, so now we know it’s possible, let’s go find the eyeball.” So, an hour passes and I think the cousin, Kevin, finds the eyeball and he holds it up, does not let go, holds it up very triumphantly. He returned the eyeball back to Uncle Al, and Uncle Al pops that back right into his socket and blinks a couple times, adjusted, and make sure it works, and it’s top-notch. It works after wiping it off, washing it, and everything. It’s just as good as it was before. So then, they return back to shore. They all settled down ready to tell the same story of Uncle Al’s eyeballs popping out all over, like multiple times, and the narrator’s a little distant from the family. She’s not fully integrated back into it, and she realizes, “Oh my god,” those two Kennedys, Michael Kennedy and the other one, have been watching them this whole time. They have been taking a long walk on the beach, and she can just tell based on their expressions that they watched the whole thing unfold. They saw the whole thing happened. They were witnesses of this whole experience. It just drew a parallel of her family watching the Kennedys, and now the Kennedys are doing the same. 