Okay. So, the narrator or the storyteller, her family has this weird obsession with the Kennedys, right? So, it all started when she was on a family trip with her dad and then I guess something happened where she cried and Dad stopped the car.  Her sister snitched. It was like, “Look, this person is crying now,” and then her dad stopped the car and was like, “It's okay to cry, especially when it has something to do with the Kennedys,” right? 
Then right after, I think there was some stuff in between but all I honestly remember was that there was like this beach house. There were like this, they went out during vacation and they were playing on the water but it's something happened where like the Kennedys were coming. Then, the aunts of the narrator's families were trying to be like not crazy but they were trying to have these conversations with the Kennedys but with the fakest of accents and you know try to get at their levels. Then, I guess something happened to the kids were they're in the water and then the Kennedys had to save them. The aunts were mad because it wasn't that they were drowning but they were making the Kennedys do something about it. Then, their punishment were to not go to the water. 
So, the next day they were fussing over it until the aunts agree that they can only go to the water but the water has to be till their knees but they didn't know exactly that it was going to be boring when the water is up to their knees. So, they started a – I guess they call it like a kitty fight, I think? Yes. So, they just started to just have a playful fight, and the next thing you know, their uncle came. When the uncle came, they're playing. Everyone started to play until the narrator of the story. I keep forgetting her name but the narrator accidentally kicked the uncle very, very, very hard on the side of his head. When that happened, his eyeball legitimately fell out. It fell out and went to the water and sunk, right?
Then, everyone was just shocked, literally shocked. No one knew that their uncle had a fake eye or anything. So, everyone was freaking out but then her cousins were like - they were looking at her so madly because it was their dad who literally has a missing eye and it was all because of her. Then her aunts got mad or something because of the fact that it costs a lot of money and it was a magnetic eye wall socket thingy. So, it was like top-dollar type stuff and yes, all she was really praying was that they get to this check so that they can buy another one because obviously, the eyeball that they had was gone. Yes, it was very traumatic for her. She even said that at some point of her little speech when she was like a part of her still shocked on that beach. It was kind of crazy, but yes.