We have a teacher here who is teaching the third grade, nine-year-olds and she likes to use creative lessons to teach them about various subjects. She uses fun tools like puppets for, I believe, it’s a Puppet Rock Group. However, right now she is teaching about the Oregon Trail. This is near and dear to me because just like a lot of my fellow youths, we were taught about the Oregon Trail and we played and fell in love with the game, the Oregon Trail. That's what this teacher here has brought to life. She's taking the game, the Oregon Trail, used as real-life simulation to help teach her third grade class about the Oregon Trail, the experience and what it's like, more of an interactive lesson plan. The teacher is trying her best to teach the class about the hardships of the Oregon Trail. She can't teach them about necessarily the moral issues of manifest destiny in western expansion. 
Nevertheless, the teacher does her research. She knows about the Oregon Trail very well. She knows her details. She knows her information. She looks up real names of people who completed and/or died on the Oregon Trail and she gives these names to her students. So, it’s a hybrid, they use their name and the real person's name, and she wants to help give them an idea of what it's like to experience the Oregon Trail. Mind you these are nine-year old kids and they're in New York in a city so it's hard to give them a full immersive experience. She wants to make them experience it as safely and as humanly possible. So, she makes them go for a walk, a long walk, by nine-year-old standards. She makes them go on a two-mile walk and it's tough. It is challenging for them.  She takes them, I believe she set up by the Hudson and into New York and she recalls like one student complaining and said, “Well I would just go on the wagon.” I believe this was Alex Bacon. The teacher has to explain to Alex Bacon that that wouldn't be possible, that you'd have to walk with everybody. The wagon was just used to carry supplies or the sick and then another student complains that they're thirsty. The teacher has to say “Well, there were no water fountains, there were no water bottles. You could only drink at limited times when the situation was made available.” So, it was very sparse. It was not convenient like it is today. The teacher also worries that she's going to get a complaint and a call from the parents that she's abusing the child or children rather by not allowing them to have water. So, I see a water fountain which wouldn't obviously be accessible on the Oregon Trail. So, she the teacher says “Well, what a lucky day we found a water stream, let's drink.” So, all the students drink and now they have an idea of what the long rough journey is on the Oregon Trail. It was no walk in the park. The students are assigned jobs. A lot of them want to be pop stars but the teacher has to explain to students that there's no such thing as a pop star and they have to pick real practical jobs like a blacksmith, a doctor, what have you. 
She, the teacher, furthers the experiment by turning it into a combination of like Dungeons and Dragons where there will be scenarios and dice rolling which will affect the outcome of this study lesson. The teacher has come up with these scenarios, put a lot of time and effort into them. Along the way, in this one scenario, there's this young student and she has very messy hair, she was described and sounds like she's been speaking since she's three. I do apologize I've forgotten her name. She is in the scenario where the wagon has broken and her legs are caught underneath. She may or may not have an infection. She has to roll the dice. She rolls the dice. She does have an infection. She has to roll the dice again to see whether the infection will get better or get worse. It gets worse. The girl is concerned she wants to know “Will she die?” The teacher is kind of shocked and overwhelmed by this. She's unsure where to take this. She was scared that this could be another complaint from a parent saying, “Oh my god, you're bringing death into this, and you've killed off my child and this could be another issue.” When thankfully another student who has a job of being a doctor speaks up and said “I’m a doctor. I can save her.” So, this other student comes to this rescue if you will. Rolls the dice and the girl who's caught underneath if she rolls the six, she dies. If it's any other number, she can live. So, this young girl has to shake the dice. Her students encouraged her to shake it again. She does and she rolls the dice, she rolls at three. So, she will live. She will survive. The whole class who was getting involved into this assignment, who were always asking about that, let out their jubilation and excitement and as the teacher said embrace each other, like the control room in Apollo 13. Everybody's happy. Everybody's cheering. Everybody's high fiving. The young girl who was caught underneath the wagon said, “I could have died. I could have died. I could have died.” This lesson left really lasting impression on this young girl. It's a wonderful experience. The students are so engaged. The students are excited about this lesson. They want to learn. They want to know more. They almost crave danger and death but are so immersed and happy to learn about the dangerous trek that was the Oregon Trail. It's really impressive to hear and see students so engaged and willing to learn. Anyway, the lesson continues, and the teacher has, as I said, delved very deeply into this plan and created a lot of scenarios. Along the way they hear a noise in this current scenario, and it is a wild animal, and the students ask, “Is it dangerous?” Will they die? The teacher who is overwhelmed by the sense of danger and death decides to call an audible and change the plan. Yes, it initially was supposed to be a dangerous wild animal, but the teacher changes the plan and says “It is an injured wild animal and we have to rescue it and it will join us for the rest of our trail. I believe the animals were a rabbit, a fox or a wolf. It turns out to be a wolf. They rescue the wolf, the wolf joins them for the rest of their journey. I do apologize again I forgotten the name of the wolf, it was something like Genie, Beanie, something like this. The wolf joins them for the rest of journey across Oregon Trail and the rest of the journey goes very smoothly. The teacher makes the comparison to two-day Amazon shipping, they reached Oregon in record time. Everything's safe. They plant down roots and make their little city if you will, in a little area. They set up supplies, banking, this and that. They go over their supplies and prepare and they also have a celebration. They have a dancing celebration, which I believe she said they played a song by Earth, Wind and Fire. This was obviously inaccurate timewise, but it was a good time, and it was a good lesson, and everybody enjoyed it. About six years later, this teacher was out and about and I ran into her student who played the young girl who got her legs caught under the wagon. They hugged and embraced. The first thing the students said to the teacher was “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail.” So, it was a very nice and very lasting experience that was beneficial to the students and to the teacher.  