Okay. So, there was this comedian who is talking about his time as a journalist at the Ram, which is the Fordham’s newspaper. He was trying to interview the dean because there had just been going around that he’s increasing a tuition so that only people who had money can go to the school and basically he was saying that that’s really screwed up. So he was asking questions about it and he was really commenting and then out of nowhere, a guy comes up and puts a cream pie on his face, in the dean’s face and he was like he gave him a few minutes to  to like fitness and activating cream pied and he asked him. He said, “Can I get a comment on what just happened and the dean pauses for a second. He says, “Sure, you can have a comment. Fuck you.” And then he runs into the senior editor and chief of the paper and he tells him about it and he’s like, “The dean’s a dick. Write it up.” So he does. While he’s writing it, he’s telling the story about what happened and then he mixed it up and he’s like the guy shows up in a cape and he creams him in the face. His name is Pie Man, capital P, M and he gives him a little catch phrase a lot and catch phrase that means I am not an animal or something along the lines of that because he just wanted to make it seem like he knew Latin and he was like Catholic, whatever because it’s for that and he then gives the draft to – he gives the draft to the editor, the senior editor and he’s like, “Pie Man, I love it. Put it on page one.” So it’s on page one and after that he then get – it’s polished. He gets a letter from none other than Pie Man and he says, “If you want to see me strike again, be at this place, this address.” It was at the library, outside the library, I believe because he said that he was waiting behind a late drop book box thing and he’s waiting on the stairs. He has a ram for the newspaper photographer with him to take pictures, what happens and this person  this time is someone that he remembers. Shiela, I believe was her name. She’s basically like a class president. She’s very pretentious. She’s one of those people that the dean went a lot more of in the school who has money, who whatever. Basically, it’s a rumor that she was messing with the dean on the desk and other things but yes. She was basically working with the dean to start a new stance against drinking beers or drinking in public. So it was called no beers and – barbecues and beers, barbecues and no beers or something like that and then someone in the crowd,  the community and was like, “Yes, boo that.” Yes. Because he thought it was stupid. So then he gets ready for Pie Man who steps out in a cape and cream pies were on the face and they get pictures of it and they then – he writes on the paper, says that – he says the sumo or whatever, a Latin phrase. I don’t think he actually did because he made a comment of it seemed like that’s just something that he made up again and at the end of the day, he became the writer of five different Pie Man incidents. People at school started dressing like Pie Man because they thought it was funny, I assume. So then he goes out to get a rounds at the bar and he sees this girl who’s like in some of his classes, I believe and she started asking questions like saying, “You’re always around when Pie Man’s around. Are you him?” He’s like, “It was a straightforward question, if I say no, this is probably where it ends but if I say yes, we’ll probably get a hook up later.” Then he pauses for a second like this  then he’s like, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” She’s like, “Can you pie me around?” Because she thinks, “Oh, buy me a round and tell me everything about it.” Then that’s what he does. I believe that’s it. I’m done. 