So, this story starts off with the students in Fordham in the Bronx. They're kind of basically just talking about how the tuition is about to be raised past the inflation point. I think he’s about to talk to the dean. I forgot the dean’s name, but as they're about to have a conversation and he asks why, why is it surpassing, why is the tuition so high? I think the dean says something, and that's when he gets hit in the face with pie. After that, the main character, he thinks that like this is amazing or whatever, and so he goes to like the newspaper thing of Fordham. He goes to the director, which I think was a senior, and he's telling him this story. The main character’s talking about how, that it's important to lie and overexaggerate the story so that it actually sells. He also mentioned something about calling him something, naming him something in a Latin name or something like that. Then he talks about how he publishes three other stories about Pie Man. Then the story jumps to when he's about to meet another girl. I think her name is Sheila. Sheila’s, he says he mentions how the dean wants more people like Sheila and how the dean and Sheila were working together to ban outdoor drinking on campus because, apparently, Sheila thinks that that's not okay. Then the main character makes a joke about how the dean wants more of people like Sheila and then he makes a joke about how apparently the dean is getting a lot of action from Sheila in his office. Then from there, the story jumps to him going to a bar and seeing his crush, Angela. They're in the same class. He's talking about he's not sure whether she knows about his existence but he definitely likes her. She's with a group of friends. Then he says how Angela actually taps him on his shoulder and says, “Hey, you seem to know a lot about Pie Man. Are you Pie Man?” Then he goes on to say how - this is just him talking to the audience about how, in her eyes, it seems that if he had said yes, she would be ready to have sex with him. Then she says, “How?” He says that even though he isn’t Pie Man, despite that, he says yes to her. He said yes to her and that's when Angela is like, “So buy me - go ahead and buy me some beer.” So, 