Joe and his sister Clara opened their morning mail, and Joe got an important letter about his dad not being in trouble, which Clara was worried about, but it would be life-changing news. This was during the winter, and Joe said that he’ll have to leave the baseball league he’s in soon. Even though he didn’t lose his place, which his sister is worried about, Joe said he’ll be able to use the money he’s about to earn from pitching, and Clara still doesn’t know what that money is from. Joe accidentally then hits Ms. Madsen’s watering can when she walks in and it shatters. His mom seems very sweet and cared for his hand, not really worrying about the carpet, but saying it will be ruined. Mr. Gregory from the Pittston team also told him that a major league team from St. Louis is negotiating for him, and he’s going to be drafted to the MLB. This got Clara’s hopes up as she loves baseball. Joe doesn’t have a say on the matter, but he’s happy to go to the MLB even though the team isn’t great, his mom who he calls “Momsie” isn’t too happy about it, but also is happy that he’s working hard and it’s what he enjoys. Joe opens another of his letters, and it’s from Maple Farley, a girl that’s important to him. He says that the girl and her brother Reggie are coming to their town and that they’ll try to see them. They were going to come today, but it’s blizzarding outside, so Joe says he’s going to go to the station and wait for them. At the station, it turns out that the trains are delayed. Later on, the station master tells him that the train won’t be in for several days. Joe is not happy because he was looking forward to seeing the girl who he is interested in, as well as the brother. Let’s see what else. Yes, the vase that they shattered is a ceramic vase, and it goes all over the carpet. Their dad is away for some reason, we’re not really sure why, but he could be getting into trouble and they haven’t really gotten a lot of updates from him. Let’s see what else. That’s pretty much the whole story.  Joe is a pitcher.  It seems that the story took place a long time ago as it seems super outdated considering the kids are opening mail.  What else happened in the story? They didn’t really explain what’s the current position was or how old the kids were. They didn’t explain where the dad was. They didn’t explain what the mom does. It seems to be a sexist society and because they were kind of like saying how weird it was that the daughter liked baseball.   