Okay. So, it was a third grade teacher speaking about how she taught her class about the Oregon Trail, and she said that she always loves making her lessons super immersive like a game, like a fantasy, and she said but this was a serious topic and not a fun thing, not some fantasy. So, she went around, she used the same method, and she gave all her kids real dead people's names and send them all jobs like doctor, farmer, and stuff like that, even though the kids wanted to be modern jobs like pop stars. Then she took them on a two-mile walk outside, which was long for third graders in New York City, which was about 40 blocks. During that walk, somebody wanted water, and she said no because - well she's going to recreate the Oregon Trail and they didn’t have water, but then she realized that in real life, she would have gotten in trouble for restricting kids water, so she let them get it by saying it’s a stream. Then she kept on with the game, and the kids all loved going to class every day in social studies. She had a snake oil salesman which is like a con man on that path. She realized that the kids loved the danger, and she’d have kids almost die, almost get sick, et cetera. Then one time, this girl actually did almost come close to dying, just in the game, but then – the kids loved it, but then she realized they loved it since she’s hurt in the game, because she wasn't loving it. Then years later, she saw Katie, the student who almost died, and she was now in ninth grade, and she brought up how she almost died, and yes,   Let’s see what else. Back through the story, there's a kid named Kevin Bacon who kept digging holes in her story. Let me think. Kind of like, “I think I should wear a bonnet in class every day.” What else would she do?  Yes, the girls wanted to be pop stars, but they couldn't because those didn’t exist. Yes, the girl Katie almost died because her leg got infected, supposedly in the game, but then one of the kids was like, “I'm a doctor.” Thank God because the teacher hadn’t prepared that much of the story yet. Yes, the teacher was not a fan of the danger, but the kids were. Yes.   She let the kids use their names. What else is there? Like their first names, but their last names were authentic. This took place in New York City. Let me think what else. Yes, she did it day-by-day. They would travel X of miles every day, so every day they came to social studies then continue in the role play.