The story is a teacher telling her story that she taught nine-year-olds in class in grade school, and she came up with this game. It's like a mixture of Dungeons & Dragons and another game I can't recall exactly. They’re are on the Oregon Trail. She says it's like a game, a video game called the Oregon Trail. She goes and she tells the students that “We're going to play a game, a dangerous game,” she says, and the students seemed to like that it's dangerous, or they think it's dangerous. She picked out real names from real people who actually died on the Oregon Trail. She tells them their names. She gives each student a different name for the game and they go outside and she says, “We're going to really take a walk outside and pretend like it's the Oregon Trail.” They do that and then one boy sees a fountain and he says, “I'm thirsty,” and there's a fountain, and she goes, “That's not a fountain. There’s no fountains on the Oregon Trail.” She says it's a stream, so then he drinks from the stream and then he had some water because she was afraid that if she didn't let him have water that he might complain to his mother and that she’d be in trouble from the school. Then they go, they’re still walking then they go back into the class and then they make a bunch of other things about being on the Oregon Trail. Then there's another time, I guess, in the class and they’re playing the same game and she says this little girl that she remembers, she tells her that “Okay. You're going to play a character that falls underneath,” gets her legs caught underneath the wagon. She had to roll to get out of the wagon and then she’s sort of saying that this is turning really dark because then they’re saying that her legs got infected, so now - then a little girl says, “Am I going to die from having my legs caught under the wagon?” Then she just sort of panics and says, “Okay. We’ll do another roll and see what you get.” She rolls again and then she says, “Okay. Your legs are still infected. It’s getting worse.” Then she’s saying, “Oh no. I can’t let this happen because the students are going to think that she’s a bad teacher or that they’re going to complain to the parents.” Then the parents will think she’s a bad teacher, so she’s saying that she can’t let that happen. Then one girl yells out, another student yells out, “I’m a doctor.” She has her come up and sort of pretend to treat the young girl, and then she says, “Okay. Well, let's roll again. If it's a six, you die.” She’s thinking that a six - odds are that they won't get a six. She rolls the dice and luckily it's a three, so the little girl is fine, of course, in the game. Years later, she actually remembers seeing the girl on Broadway or near Broadway, the street Broadway. I guess she's a teacher in New York, and she tells her, “I remember you.” She looks stretched out I guess because she’s little. That’s an odd way of saying that she remembers her by her face. She's in ninth grade now. They were talking and then the girl goes - the ninth grader says to the former teacher, “I remember you. I died in the Oregon Trail.” The former teacher was shocked that she actually remembered, and she feels like maybe she traumatized these students jokingly. That's pretty much the whole story that she told.  