Okay, so this girl grew up in Providence, Rhode Island which is right by the Kennedys. She talked about how growing up, they were the core of everything for her family. Everything that happened to them happened to her family. One day, she was in the car and she was listening to the JFK assassination play-by-play, and she started to cry. Her sister started making fun of her, and then she says her dad pulled the car over and tells her, “Don't ever be embarrassed to cry over that man.” The Kennedys just mean a lot to their family like her parents got married in the same church as John and Jackie Kennedy I think it was, and then they decide to get a beach house in Cape Cod with her four aunts to the same place the Kennedys would. She says that her aunts would go out to the beach and place chairs, but they wouldn't place the chairs facing the water or to tan. They would place the chairs facing the Kennedys and they’d have binoculars out, and they would just be watching to Kennedys all day. She said that her one aunt would have the first sighting, and then her second aunt would always talk about someone's age. Then they would break for lunch and come back. They'd sometimes see people they didn't know, so they would draw the family tree in the sand to figure out who it was. Then they would always say “We don't see Jackie much here,” and of course, while all this is going on, no one is watching the kids in the water who are playing and they end up climbing into - she said I think it was a half-blown up boat and before they know it, the rip current takes them out and they end up by the ferry. They don't even realize how far they are until their aunts are reduced to three blobs and they can see the features on the ferry people. A giant wave comes and knocks them off this blown up boat thing, and then a powerboat pulls up and they get pulled into it. It turns out that it's David and Michael Kennedy. They’re saved by David and Michael Kennedy but they're just like, “Oh my god! We were saved by a powerboat!” They don't really realize I guess that the Kennedys saved them. Then they just start heading back to the beach and they realized, “Oh my god, our aunts are going to be so mad.” She talks about how her one aunt, when she gets mad, will say their full name and their address. Then her other aunt will say nice things but in a mean tone, and it's very confusing but then as they get closer, the aunts see the Kennedys and they snap. They have fake smiles and they don't know what to do, and one of her aunts starts talking in a really fancy Kennedy accent. They thank them and then they leave, and then for the rest of the vacation, they're told they're not allowed to go in the water because they don't have respect for the water. They’re boiling. It's like a hundred degrees out and they're begging and begging and begging and after a half hour, the aunt finally says, “Okay, you can go into the water but only up to your knees.” They're happy until they get into the water and they're like, “Okay, going up to knees is so boring,” so they start doing chicken fights but there's only three of them. Then their uncle comes out. He never plays with them and he takes his daughter and puts her on his shoulders, and then they're doing chicken fights. Somehow the girl, the main girl who's telling the story, ends up kicking her uncle in the face and her uncle's eye pops out of his head and sinks into the water. She talks about how growing up, she and her cousins were never told that he had a fake eye because they didn't want everyone to know and telling the whole neighborhood, but they were never told he had a fake eye, so they're all standing in this water, freaking out because she has kicked his eye out and his lid is open, so he's just fucking standing there with no eye and the girl starts screaming. She starts walking, waiting in the water and she ends up finding the eye but it's an eye in her hand so she screams and drops it again, but they now are like, “Oh my god. Wait, we can find the eye,” so they start looking and they're looking for an hour. Finally, her cousin Kevin finds it, and so then the uncle rinses off the eye and just pops it back in. She talked about how she's like, “We all know it's a fake eye now,” and she's like, “Going back, I have no idea how I didn't know it was a fake eye.” It was magnetized, so it was supposed to follow his other eye, so I guess she just didn't realize as a kid but now they couldn't stop looking at it. They're all walking back up telling stories of what just happened and talking about it, and she looks over and she sees this blob people watching. She realized that David and Michael Kennedy had taken a walk on the beach and by the look on their faces, they had watched the entire thing of her family - of her kicking her uncle’s eye out and then them finding the eye in the water. Okay, 