Yes. So the narrator talks about how he started his career in journalism and he became a reporter for his school’s newspaper, which is called the Ram, and this is at Fordham University. He had gone to his principal, I believe, or the dean, whose name was Mr. , something like that, Mr.  or something, and he had asked him about the raise in tuition. Obviously, he did not have a positive attitude toward it - the narrator, I mean. Then, I forgot what the dean said but eventually some person had like cream pies and was mashing them up or something, but then that person came in and threw the cream pie at the dean’s face, and so the dean was pied and then he left.
But then, right after that, the narrator asked the dean, “Do you have any comments about this event that just happened?” Then the dean said, “F that person,” I think. After that, the narrator back to the journalism room, whatever it was called, the newspaper room, and he started writing up the story of what had just happened but he talked about how in journalism they say, there’s a line that you should never cross, which is to make a  up and, yes, but he decided to do that and he started writing about this Pie Man which he called - in the newspaper, he titled “The Pie Man” - he called the pie man, Pie Man. Capitalized P and capitalized M, and then, he wrote about how he ran into pie the dean in the face and then how he ran out with his cape flowing. That he said something in Latin when he left and that that translated to “I’m not an animal,” which the narrator admitted made no sense. But, yes, so he wrote this up, obviously, most of the things were made up, but then he brought it to the editor and the editor loved it and it was like front page. So, they published on the front page and then he caught a note or something from someone saying, “I like your story. If you want to see more of that, meet me on some step to the library,” or something, “Tuesday at 2:00 PM.” And so, he went, the narrator went, and he saw, I believe it was at the class president whose name was Sheila and then he said stuff about Sheila that she was the kind of student who the dean wanted more of. While everyone else in Fordham who wore flannels and work part-time jobs, she was well-bred and she had advocated for it with the dean a rule that said you cannot drink, I believe, like outside on campus. So it seemed – yes, so then, I believe the Pie Man person pied her in the face - actually, I don’t remember hearing that but yes, the narrator ends up being able to write another story, and he ended up writing five more - publishing I believe either more or five total stories in the Fordham newspaper, and yes, they all talked about the Pie Man and the Latin phrase and everything, and people started loving it, and they started dressing as this character that he made up.
Then, one day he went to a bar and there was a girl whose name was Angela who she had been, in his head, flirting with, but he said that nuances that she may not even know he existed. So, he went to the bar and then he felt a tap on his shoulder and it was Angela. She asked him if he was Pie Man, and he was like, “Well, I’m the one who made” - in his head, he was like, “Well, I’m the one who made up Pie Man so aren’t I Pie Man, then, in the end?” So, he thought about - or he said a few more things about this, that he had never actually really seen Pie Man and that’s since he made it up, it was him and he knew all the details about it. He said that he knew by the, either the expression on her face or by her tone, that she would have sex with him if he said yes. So, he ended up saying, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” She said, “Oh, good.” Then, I forgot what she said after that. Oh, then she says, “Either buy me a drink or let me buy you a drink and tell me all about it.” Then, I believe that was the end of the story.