Okay, the speaker, Mikayla, is holding a - it sounds like a TED Talk, and she's discussing her childhood, and she grew up in Providence, Massachusetts, which was close to where the Kennedys lived, and she associated her family with them, in that she thought they were like distant relatives because they were Catholic and they lived near each other, and the Kennedys tragedies were their family's tragedies, as well as their own family tragedies. And this was, I think, after JFK's assassination, because on a 10-year anniversary, Mikayla was crying in the car, and her dad told her that – while in tears, that it's okay to cry for them. And then she - Mikayla, explained that her mom and dad had grown up in Newport, and had been married there in Newport, Rhode Island, and that's on the coast of Rhode Island, so there's like beaches there, and the Kennedys also have a house there. When Mikayla's family - like family and extended family would go to a vacation there, the aunts would essentially stalk the Kennedys, and keep tabs on - even all the employees that worked there. Mikayla and her cousins were also at the beach, but they were playing - and Mikayla was nine at the time, and I think her cousins were not much - there wasn't much of an age difference between her and her cousins. And so then, one day, her and her cousins got swept out at sea by a riptide because they were playing in the water too much, and the aunts didn't notice, and the only time they noticed was when the two Kennedy brothers, whose names I forgot, said that they - not said, they saved all three kids from drowning from the riptide, and they brought them back to shore, and the aunts were very cordial in polite towards the Kennedys, but they punished the kids by saying - by telling them, “You're not allowed to go back in the water.” So, of course, because they were young kids, they annoyed their aunts until their - well, I forgot the name, but one of the aunts said they could go into the water up to their knees, and they found out that wasn't as much fun as they thought it would be, so then they started playing with - like doing a chicken fight, and Mikayla's uncle also joined in - I forgot his name as well. And then at one point, Mikayla kicked her uncle's eye - kicked his head, sorry, and his fake eye fell out, and all she remembers is screaming, and everyone was really mad at her because fake eyes cost a lot of money, and it was way out of budget to go get a new one, and her cousins were looking at her like she had broken their dad, and she just felt really bad for the whole thing, while they were going around telling her parents and their other family what she had done to sort of make - because she regretted it, like her action, she decided to go into the sand, in the shells where her - where her uncle's eye fell out, and go to find it. When she found it, she got scared there was an eyeball, and dropped it back. Her cousin, Kevin, found it, and then she noticed that the Kennedys, from a distance, were watching this - had been watching the whole time. 