The story starts off with Joe and Clara, and I think it starts off with Joe sighing, and Clara's like, “Oh, what's wrong?” He keeps it cryptic. He doesn't really want to - not doesn't want, but doesn't elaborate on what he's sighing about, and Clara's like, “Oh, is it with father's business?” He's like, “No, not exactly.” Then she's like, “Oh, are you getting kicked off the baseball team?” He's like, “Not exactly, but kind of,” and she's like, “How could they after you just won some baseball game for them? I thought baseball men were more sports about that,” and then he says something like, “Oh, slang from my little sister.” She gets defensive about it. She says, “Sports isn't slang. I've heard many girls use it. I'm using it in the right way, not as in slang,” and he's like, “Okay, haha!” Then she's like, “So what's wrong? I know you don't want to tell me, but you'll probably tell me in the right time,” and then he's like, “Oh, it is actually something to do with the baseball team,” or something like that. Then she's like, “So you are getting kicked off?” He's like, “Not exactly, but I will be off soon.” Then he starts swinging his arm and he's like, “I'll be making more money at the very least.” She's like, “What do you mean more money? Who's giving you money?” He's like, “I'm just going to earn it with this arm,” and he starts swinging it. While he's swinging it, Miss Manson comes out and she's holding a water jug, and as he's swinging it, he knocks over the water jug and it breaks. At first, there's silence, and then Miss Manson and Clara scream. Then Miss Manson is like, “What are you doing practicing so early? Are you practicing for baseball?” He's like, “Yes, I got to make more money.” She's like, “Well, why?” He picks up a letter that's on the ground. I think there's two letters, but he picks up one of them and he's like, “I'm going to be drafted for the -” but he doesn't say drafted, but he says something like, “This is the St. Louis team director, and he wants me.” Then Clara knows about baseball, so she's like, “Well, St. Louis, it's a major league, right?” He's like, “Yes, it's a major league,” and he goes on to explain how it works. He says that, “They're going to draft me,” and then Miss Manson says, “Drafted? It kind of sounds like you're going to war. You don't get a choice in the matter? He's like, “No, I don't really get a choice. If they want me, they want me. I don't really get to choose. That's how baseball works.” His team that he's currently on, I don't remember what it's called, like Pennsylvania or something, they're a small team and they made him sign when he first came on that no other baseball team would be able to try to recruit him and he wouldn't join other baseball teams while he's there unless they agree to it, but St. Louis is different because it's a major league, so they just get whoever they want from the smaller leagues. They want him and he's also not opposed to it, so he's pretty decently happy about it, especially because major league, he's going to get more money, but he says that it's going to be still difficult because he has to compete against all these other pitchers who are also trying to get better positions within the major leagues, but he says that he'll work as hard as possible. Miss Manson is like, “All that really matters is that you work hard,” and he's like, “Yes.” Then Clara gives him some – oh, also they keep mentioning how handsome he is, and then Clara playfully teases him about the other letter. He picks it up and it's from this girl, Mabel, and her and her brother are coming to town, and he's like, “Oh, they're coming the same day at the train station,” so he's like, “Oh, I have to go see them.” He goes to the train station and he asked them like, “Oh, when's the train coming?” They're like, “Oh, I don't know. Yes. You'll have to check in later.” He checks again. He's like, “When's the train coming?” There's bad news because the train had snowed in, and at first, he's like, “Was there a wreck?” Then he sees the vision of his friends in this wreck, but he's like, “No, they're snowed in, it's terrible,” and he's like, “An express train is snowed in? What? I have friends on that train.” He's like, “Yes, the train must remain,” and then he's walking towards the train, I think. He's thinking, “How can I help this?” 