Okay.  Hello? “Please recall the story in as much detail as possible.” Okay. I don’t know if it’s recording.  Okay. From the story, we know that – I don’t remember his name, but he was a journalist, like he studied journalism, so he likes – like a journalist. And when they had a story, like he had to ask questions to this guy dean, and this dean guy wasn't like a really nice person, and all of a sudden, he saw what he called Pie Man attack – well, basically pied dean in the face, and then that's when he knew like, “Oh, I’m going to tell this story better,” instead of saying the first story about how the working class shouldn’t study or something like that. I don’t remember. But then, when Pie Man came and attacked the guy, attacked the dean, he told his editor like, “Oh, I think I know what story would be a hit, like much greater,” which is Pie Man. Basically, he said he added his own thing to make it sound better and interesting even though it wasn’t true, where he was saying like, “Oh, this Pie Man, he’s like another adventure,” like a superhero but cape less, and saying that this Pie Man said this Latin phrase, like – I don’t remember, “ego non sum bestio, something like that. Like, “I’m not an animal.” After that, he went to meet him. Dean went to meet the journalist, and then - I don’t remember what happened after that, but they were talking about how the story was a hit, whatever. Oh, my god. He then talked about another character, about the student body, like the girl that’s supposedly – there’s a rumor spread that she hooked up with the dean guy. Oh, my god. Wait. Before that, the editor, he was trying to get the juice, he said like, “Oh, yeah, I hate that guy, the dean guy, because he’s not a really nice person.” Then this girl, the student body counselor, supposedly it’s like teamed up with the dean and made – made a whole – made a whole thing around the school of Fordham University about how – about how the kids, like the students are out drinking during the day, so no beers and barbecues. And then he then talked about another character, because one night he went to a bar or something and then he saw this girl, Angela, who he has been flirting with for some months , and then when she saw him – I mean, when they saw each other, when he saw her, she asked him like, “Oh, my god. Are you Pie Man?” and then he was like – he thought to himself, he was like, “Oh, my god, if I tell her that I am him, Pie Man, she’s going to hook up with me.” So then, he lied and he said, “Yes, I’m Pie Man.” And then, that’s it. That’s all I could remember.  