This guy starts with talking about how he first got into his career in Journalism, and that was in college at Fordham University. He recalls the place, but I don’t quite remember it. Rhode Island in Massachusetts? I forgot. Anyways. He says that he was interviewing one of the deans because there was a dean who was trying to replace all the middle class working kids/students with more  kids, essentially. So, the guy goes up to the dean ready for an interview, and it’s like aren’t you not be going back on this mission or aren’t you not adhering to Fordham’s Mission? Just as the dean is about to answer, the guy sees a blur in the corner of his eye that gets bigger, and all of a sudden, this person throws a cream pie at the dean’s face and then runs away. The dean is now covered in cream. They’re both in shock, but the guy and the dean take a minute, and then the guy ask another question to the dean and says, “How do you respond to this attack?” The dean - or do you have a response to the attack? The dean says, “Yes, fuck you.” So then, the guy rushes over to the editor-in-chief of the Ram, which is a newspaper on Fordham University’s campus, and he goes to the editor-in-chief of who’s this really big guy ends up winning the Pulitzer Prize, and he shows the editor-in-chief what he’s got about the dean. Then, the editor-in-chief says, “Yes, Dean, whomever, he’s a dick. Write that story up,” and so the guy gets really excited, and he goes and starts writing the story up. It’s his first-ever story. He’s really excited, and he writes a story up but better. As in he ends up labeling the pie thrower, PM as Pie Man. Pie Man wears this cape. Although, Pie Man didn’t actually wear a cape. He wears his cape. I don’t recall if they wore masks or not, but I do recall the cape. Pie Man has a phrase in Latin, and even though it didn’t make any sense, the author was Catholic. So, Latin just came naturally to the author when making the catchphrase, and the catchphrase translated to “I am not a beast,” which is what Pine Man would say after an attack, or like for justice. An attack for justice, not in a negative connotation. That’s how he wrote up the first story, and it got a lot of reads and was very popular. In about 2 weeks later, the guy gets a letter from someone who says, I don’t know, if you enjoyed my attack or I’m glad that you wrote about the story or something like that. If you would like to see another event of Justice occur, please meet me at something library, like Myers Library steps at this time,” and signs it off as “from Pie Man.” The guy ends up going to those library steps at that time and sees the student body president, who’s female. I forgot her name. She is, as the guy describes, well-bred and is not working class like most of the foreign student body was, and is wealthy and is basically the prime example of the kind of student the dean that had gotten his face covered in pie cream with wanted to replace the current board of students with. Basically, he wanted more of student body, that student body president types rather than the current Fordham student body types. She had worked together with the dean to create an alcohol ban because she thought that it was unbecoming to drink alcohol in public, on school campus. The rumor is that she had also been very close with him in the office, like over the table, basically insinuating they had sex, but then the guy says, “Oh, but I would never sprat that or I would never say that out loud.” Then, he sees a blur and Pie Man is there again with his cape and his pie, and he throws it at the girl’s face and runs away. He says, “I’m not a beast” again in Latin. At least that’s how it’s written in the newspaper, the way that the guy describes it as. Now, at that point, it’s kind of unclear whether - this is my side commentary, but now, it’s unclear what actually really happened during the encounter and part of it was embellished, at least the first time around. The new part was embellished. The second time around, it’s kind of hard to differentiate between what is real and what is embellished. Anyway, back to the story. The guy writes it up, the second encounter with the student body president. It’s also a big hit. There ends up being four or five stories or maybe it was four or five more stories about Pie Man, or maybe it was four or five stories in total about Pie Man throughout that entire year. They were all written by the author and by the guy, the same guy. It’s a big hit. Now, he’s at a bar one day, at the end of the school year, I believe, and I know he’s hanging out with some friends. I know it was a bar and I know that there’s this girl that he had been slightly flirting with, he says in a nuanced way. So, nuanced back that like he doesn’t think that she knows that he exists, and so he’s just there and he’s not talking to her. Maybe she’s with friends. All I know is that they’re in a bar, for sure. She ends up coming to him at some point and she says, “Hey, how have you been able to know - my friends and I were just talking about this, about how you have known where Pie Man is going to be for every attack before it happened,” and she says, “Are you Pie Man?” That guy, at that moment, looks at that girl, and he knows he’s not Pie Man, but he has a feeling, he knows that if he says yes, that he is Pie Man, that girl will have sex with him. So, he does, I don’t know, the logical thing or whatever. He makes it seem essentially, when he describes the story, that he didn’t say no, and then what comes out of his mouth is, weakly, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then, the girl says, “Oh, tell me all about it -” no. “Buy me a drink and tell me all about it,” and that’s how he ends. I’m done.