Okay. The story starts with the main character talking to his sister. He thinks he’s going to lose his job and then she is very concerned and he discussed briefly about losing his job, but then he says that he’s going to make more money now that he’s losing his job and that he is actually sure he’s losing his job. Then he starts showing off and showing - practicing with his throwing arm, and their mother comes into the room during that time with a pitcher of water to water the flower box, and he knocks it down and it shatters on the ground. So then, the two girls scream and then he makes a joke, but then his mom asks him why he’s practicing so early in the season. He says that he was just showing his sister what’s going to make him more money soon, and then he tells the sister and his mother that he might be drafted for the St. Louis baseball team. So, they discussed that. They talked about him making more money, and they’re both very excited for him. His mom says he reminds her of the war and asks if he would have a choice. He says, “No, I don’t have a choice,” but that he is okay with that and that the baseball team is very organized. Then they opened a letter from his boss while ignoring a separate letter with a female handwriting. So, they read it. His boss is just discussing him being drafted and saying it’s quite likely, but he can’t say for certain. Then there is the story - the girl’s letter who is one of his admirers, he says. His sister mentions that he would remember the handwriting of the girl and that he would notice her, and then she asks about the letter, he opens it with his pocketknife, and then there is – the letter says that her and her brother are going to be coming to where they live to visit, and that  they are going to come visit. Then I kind of zoned out for a little bit, and then they go to a train station to go to St. Louis, I think, or to go somewhere, and they are told that there is no train. There was a delay, and then they started kind of freaking because they know people who are on that train, and so they asked what happened. They said that it was delayed and that everything was okay, and so then he tries to figure out how to help the people he knows on the train. So, yes,  