Okay. So, the story starts off by a woman telling us about how she teaches nine-year-olds. I don’t know which grade, but nine-year-olds. She is a social studies teacher, and she uses games to teach her kids. So, she told us about a stuffed animal story and another story where it’s the end of the year and she’s teaching the Oregon Trail. She knows that she can’t teach it in the gravitas that it deserves because they’re ninth graders, and they can’t even understand the perspective of their little sister, but she knows that they can understand the danger. So, she makes sure that this is a more real, a more dangerous game, and the rest of the game, she plays by ear. So, she decides that instead of what she used to do which was writing out what they did the next day and just like writing a letter, she’ll let it be by chance. So, she combines the game, Oregon Trail video game, with D&D, their roles, with everything, is done by chance. So, she gets bunch of names of people who died on the Oregon Trail for authenticity, and she gets them to keep their first names while she gets them all last names like Chive or like Bacon, and then they start. She’s like, “This is a more dangerous game.” She tells all the kids about everything that’s going to happen, and Alex goes, “Can we die? Will anyone die?” So, she’s like, “Well, I don’t know. It’s dangerous.” Basically,  she’s like, “Maybe,” but she doesn’t want them to also die because they’re nine-year-olds and she doesn’t want to get a call from parents. So, to start, they go on a 40-block walk, which is only about two miles, but it’s definitely a long time for nine-year-olds. So, they keep walking, they keep walking. One of the kids goes, “If it was me, I would ride in the carts.” She goes, “No, carts are for storage and for the elderly and sick. Kids always walk.” Then one of the girls goes, “Oh, I’m thirsty. I want water.” Then she goes, “But we don’t have a water fountain in the Oregon Trail.” The kid goes, “Oh, there’s a water fountain right there.” So, realizing that she didn’t want to get into trouble for withholding water from children, she goes, “Oh, look a stream. Let’s go stop by the stream.” So then, they all drink their water, and that’s the end of day one. They played for a while. They had a great time. The kids, someone that day goes, “Is anyone going to die today?” So, she finally sets up a scenario with danger. They’re nearing the mountains. She goes, “Okay, this is a dangerous sequence.” Someone inevitably asks, “Is anyone going to die today?” And she says, “This is the most dangerous part of the Oregon Trail. They might die, we don’t know.” So, they roll and somehow the wagon turns over and someone gets stuck underneath. They rolled for who gets stuck underneath because all of the kids had a number. It was this little girl. She was quiet, and so she came to the front. She had to roll to see what happened. So, she did get out of from under the cart, but her legs got infected. So, at this point, she rolls again to see if she gets better or worse. She gets worse. At this point, the teacher had not thought this far ahead. She didn’t plan for this, and so she is freaking out, figuring out what she’s going to do, when one of the kids who was assigned the role of doctor is like, “I’m a doctor.” She comes up to the front to save the kid, and she says – the teacher says, “If you roll anything but a six, you will be saved.” So, luckily, she rolls a three and everything is fine. So, for the rest of the story, she’s just like, “Everything is fine,” because she was very stressed out about that whole endeavor, not wanting to traumatize the children with death. So, they hear an animal and one of the kids asks, “It’s a wild animal, is there danger?” She goes, “No, it’s a baby animal. We’re going to adopt it for the rest of the drive.” So, they adopt it, they roll for what type of baby animal it is. It’s a baby wolf. They get to the end, and they do all the budgeting and stuff like that, but they also baked cornbread and they had a little dance party to September by Earth, Wind, and Fire because she is very tired of this experience.  