So, the narrator's family. Okay, the narrator was just talking about how she lives in Providence, and really close to her or in some distance away, there's another family named the Kennedys. I'm not sure if they both have the same name, I can't remember, and the same last name, whatever, I’m not sure if they have the same last name. She says, “Oh, they’re Irish, I'm Irish. I mean we're Irish. They’re Catholic; we’re Catholic. She started some saying similarities between them and she just gives more of like a really long introduction about her family. She does a lot of names like Momo or Aunt Momo, Uncle Al, her mother and father. She said that her mother and father during the introduction, they gave each other like jewelry or her father gave her mother like fake jewelry or something, and then something about the Kennedys. I'm thinking about it, or something like that, I don't know. I know there's something about a beach. They were at the beach but also, I think what I remember most is when I think the Kennedys and her family, the narrator’s family were on like two separate boats or something. What will I say? I don't know, at the beginning, they were arguing or something like that. Well, I don't know. I know they have, I don’t know, some type of competition between each other. Yes, what I remember most is that the narrator said that she kicked her Uncle Al in the head, the back of his head with the side of her foot by accident. He went forward and then his eye fell into the water and everybody looked at each other in complete shock. The Kennedys also and they didn't know that – well, she and some people, some of her family didn't know that their Uncle Al or her uncle had a fake eye and his children were looking at her like what did you do and maybe they had like a little mean face. They were a little mad at her and I know that they started sifting through I don't know if it was to stand, or I guess just water. Obviously, sorry. The water and they're trying to find the eyes.  Eventually, they found the eye and then he put it back into his eye. Also, she gave like a really gruesome description of how it looked like. how his eye looked like. She said – well, it’s not really that gruesome but she was saying that she saw with skin and he opened his eyelid. His eye and then lifted his lid of his eye, his eyelid and saw a skin and just his size socket or whatever. Then yes, eventually, he put his eye back in, popped it right in and they were shocked. They acted like nothing happened or maybe not that, and then she said that there were two boys. I don't know if it was Mark and Jacob. Two brothers from the Kennedys, they had a boat, I guess, and they were walking on the beach. They saw everything that happened, yes, and then also at some point, I know that she felt a little embarrassed, I guess. She was a little separated from her family. She was by herself a little, kind of. I think Mark and Jacob, I don’t know, seeing what happened just made her feel embarrassed and made her feel bad about what happened but yes, I'm done.