Okay. The guy says that he started his journalism career by writing for the Ram, which was the Fordham, basically, school newspaper, and he went to some speaking event or a big meeting where the dean was because he wanted to run a story on the dean. A story on the dean because the motto of the school, like what the dean was proposing, contradicted with what the school believed in, like its timeline or whatever. So, he went and approached the dean afterward to interview him, and he asked the dean why - he said to the dean that raising the tuition price farther than inflation, or something like that, and how the dean felt that contradicted with the school’s statement or goal. The dean started replying to him and he said, “Listen up, you punk.” But before that conversation continued, the guy noticed in the corner of his eye there was a blur, and it turned out it was some guy, some student who had taken a cream pie or a cream puff or something and smushed it against the dean’s face and then ran away. The dean is covered in cream, and the guy asked the dean, “Oh, would you like to make a statement about this latest attack?” The dean replied and says, “Yes, I would. Fuck you,” and then walked away or something like that. So, the guy goes back to the Ram room or whatever and goes to the editor, I think, who is an upperclassman, a big guy, and he tells him what happened and says he wants to run a story on it. He says, “Oh, dean,” and it’s like dean something. I think it started with a G, I forgot. He said, “Dean G, that guy is a -” something, or like “He’s a twerp,” or something like that. He said, “Yes, go ahead. Run the story.” The narrator, he talks about how he started writing the story and ended up embellishing on it, which he said is what writer’s call making shit up, and he basically makes up that this guy is called Pie Man and he wears this costume with a cape. He pied the dean, and then as he ran away, he did a heel click in the air and said some Latin phrase that meant something like - that made something that didn’t really make sense, like the phrase didn’t make sense in English. Then, the guy ran away, Pie Man ran away. They ran the story. That editor guy said, “I will put it on the front page. I love the story,” and so they ran the story and he says that was the first time that the first line that was crossed. So, then he talks about, a few days later, something. He gets a call or a text, I don’t remember which one, and it’s from Pie Man. It says that he liked the story and that he wanted to meet the narrator at this specific time, at a specific part of campus. So, the narrator goes and he finds this girl who is the student body president, I think. I don’t remember her name, but he talks about how people generally didn’t really like her, and there was this rumor that she had actually slept with the dean, and that her and the dean had - or she had worked to stop day drinking on campus or something. The narrator called that a - he had some name for it. I don’t remember. So, the girl approaches him, and then Pie Man comes out of nowhere and pies her in the face. He’s in costume and he basically does everything that the narrator had written about, which he had made up, but Pie Man actually does it and then runs. So, eventually, the narrator writes about that and then ends up writing five pieces in total about Pie Man. They’re very popular, and the students on campus love it and read it all the time. People actually dress up like Pie Man. One day, the narrator goes to a bar, and when he walks in, he sees Angela, who is this girl from his stats class, I think, and he says that they’ve been flirting with each other for a few weeks, but then he clarifies, “Actually, I’ve been flirting with her,” and then he clarifies again that, “Actually, she may not -” it was so nuanced that he didn’t know if she actually knew he was flirting with her. So, he sits at the bar and he says that – before sits at the bar, he rationalizes that he wasn’t going to do anything. He thought about approaching her and talking to her, but then he decided not to do that, and so he sat at the bar or he sits at the bar. Someone taps his shoulder and he turns and it’s Angela. She asked him, “Oh, me and my friends were talking and we found it odd that you always seem to know where Pie Man is, when Pie Man is going to strike and where he’s going to be,” and she asked if he’s Pie Man. He thinks on it for a minute. He says that he knows that if he says that he is Pie Man that she would have sex with him. He’s like, “But, of course, I’m not Pie Man, but I kind of am in a way,” because he made him. Because he kind of made Pie Man up and embellish him a lot, but ultimately, he concludes, I’m not Pie Man, whatever. But then he tells her that he is Pie Man. Okay. 