Okay. Yes, okay, it’s recording. The story starts with - I suppose this is sort of a stand-up comedy thing because of the audience in the background. The woman, Michaela, she introduces the setup of the story where she says that she’s born in, I believe, Providence, Rhode Island and she - like her life, everything, her family, everything revolves around the Kennedys who is the Presidential family at the time. So, the Kennedys live 20 minutes away from her, from Providence, Rhode Island, and there’s also some similarities between the two families. The Kennedys are Irish. They’re also Catholic just like her family. Then she recalls that she and her sister, Ethel, I believe, were in the car driving to some – I guess it was a dinner party with her dad in the front seat driving, and the Kennedy assassination was on. Michaela began to tear up and Ethel was like, “Oh my god, Michaela is crying.” Her Dad pulls over to check on her and tells her it - I don’t know if he had tears in his eyes or not. I don’t think he did, but he was like – basically, he told her that it’s okay to cry about this family, the Kennedy assassination. Yes. Then she jumps next to how her father grew up in a different state. I’m not quite sure where. Maybe I’ll recall in a second, but it was in a – he grew up in a church were Jack and Jackie, in the same area, those people had lived in. I don’t know who they are. Then he also - like for his engagement, his marriage to Michaela’s mom or his wife, he got the matching necklaces from Jack and Jackie – Jack and Jackie, I assume is the Kennedy family. Okay, yes, because they were obsessed with them. Yes, so they got similar necklaces as Jack and Jackie did, and then they were listening to the Camelot soundtrack or whatever. Yes. So, that’s just another, I guess, many anecdotes to prove how much of importance the Kennedy family had to Michaela’s family. Then Michaela goes into this other sort of subplot about - which is the main story that she’s really talking about in this set, which is where she and her cousins, I think their names are like Ken or Kevin and then the other one is named Eileen, and then there’s her aunts and the one uncle, Uncle Al, I think. They go to Cape Cod, I believe, for their yearly summer vacation. I’ve never been to Cape Cod, but I guess there’s a beach and stuff there. She recalls that every year, the aunts, I think there are four, one of them is Victor or Pat Eloise, and another one I don’t remember, but they would go and the kids would go and play in the water and all that stuff. The aunts would set up their beach chairs, not at the shoreline, not in the sun to tan either, but in the area where they have a really good view of the Kennedy family’s beach house. They just kind of like be spying on - keeping watch on the Kennedy family just for fun. So, they’d go like, “Oh, there’s this Rose,” I guess who’s one of the Kennedy family members, and then another hour goes by, like 10 or 12 or something and they go, “Oh, here’s the other person.” I don’t remember what the other  person’s name is but they go like, “Oh, I see her," and then they would see sometimes a new family member. They get new pieces of information and they’d be like, “Oh, who’s this person?” Then Michaela says it would be like it was probably like the Ben person store and the aunts will all go, “Man, I really hope that Ro…” - some person with a flower name, I think it was Rose, “…doesn’t it find out about this.” I don’t know a ton about the Kennedy family. Yes. So, they would do that for basically the whole day and then they break lunch and I guess eat lobsters in butter or whatever you eat when you go to the beach. Then Michaela goes into this other sub-story where, for one of the days where the aunts were watching, the kids are playing in the water. The kids, because the aunts were so distracted, they didn’t notice how far the kids were getting from the shoreline. The kids were just like, I assume, they were on some kind of boat or some kind of floatable device with oars, and the kids were paddling like really far away, all three of them, towards a ferry, and the ferry had people on it. The aunts didn’t notice this because they were observing the Kennedy family’s home. The kids got so far away to the point where the aunts had just turned into a bunch of four little tiny dots, and the facial features of the people on the ferry, which just meant to illustrate that they’re really close to the ferry. They’re really far away from the shoreline, more like recognizable. This Atlantic wave breaks across them and then they’re like, “Oh shoot, we’re really far away. How are we going to get back?” Suddenly, David and Michael Kennedy turned up on a powerboat, and the kids are really relieved and ecstatic because it’s a powerboat. Like, “I’ve been saved by a powerboat.” The two Kennedy brothers, they’re all tensed up. They drive the three kids all the way back from where they are back to shoreline. The aunts, they’re all mad, but the second they see the Kennedy brothers, they’re like, “Oh,” and they try to act all very polite and nice. One of the aunts, I think it was Pam, was like, “Don’t do that thing.” She does that thing where she starts to speak in an accent that sounds like Katharine Hepburn mixed with the Queen of England, very Mid-Atlantic accent kind of thing. Anyway, she would speak like that and they’d be all smiley and really soft and polite and stuff to the Kennedy brothers. “Thank you. I’m so sorry,” blah, blah. The second they have eye contact with the three kids, Michaela, Kevin, Ken, and Eileen, whatever his name was, their eyes would turn really stoney and they’d be like, “Oh my god, you wasted their time. Don’t they have enough problems?” like they were another Kennedy tragedy. They said thank you and then after that, the kids weren’t allowed to go into the water again, they said for the rest of summer. That was how it went for, I guess, the next couple of days. The kids would go and they play in the sand and they try to amuse themselves, but it was just very boring. After a while, the aunts were like, “I’m sick of this, I can’t take it.” She allowed the kids to go knee-deep in the water so they did and amused them for a little longer, but after a while, they realized how not fun only getting knee-deep in the water was so they started play chicken fight which was difficult because it was only three people. I guess it’s a game that you need a lot more people for it to be fun, but they were trying. They’re playing in the water and they’re pushing each other, all the stuff. Then their Uncle Al decides to play with them and then, I guess, began to water fight at some point. Uncle Al takes Eileen, the cousin, and I guess his daughter, up, puts them on his shoulders, and then Kevin or Ken, or whatever his name was, puts Michaela on his shoulders or maybe he doesn’t, I don’t really remember. Then they started to play water fight. No, I think she goes on his shoulders, and then at some point Michaela kicks Uncle Al in the head so hard that his eyeball falls out of the socket and disappears into the water. They didn’t know that Uncle Al had a fake eyeball and are very understandably shocked because it’s an eyeball falling out. It was very scary. Eileen and Ken or Kevin dude is like, “Oh my god, you just broke my father. What have you done to him?” So, the aunts are just understandably also very mad and Michaela just wants to disappear. She’s like, “Oh god, what have I done? I wish the Kennedy brothers had never come and saved us when we were stuck in the ferry. I wish I had just drowned or whatever,” which I feel her. Apparently, the eye was really top - really expensive top of the notch kind of eye. It has magnets, like really realistic. It’s got this magnetic thing where it’s able to move in the same kind of direction as the other eye so it doesn’t look like a fake. So, she just kind of like – Michaela just kind of sinks into the water and sifts around the sand trying to find the eye. She actually does find the eye and she pulls it up, and she was like, “Oh my god” and she drops it in the water because she was like, “Ew, it’s an eye.” It’s disgusting or whatever. That means that it’s still in the water. It’s still in the area that’s reachable, so for the next hour, everyone in the family that went to the Cape Cod, they tried to find the eye, and then I think after like – I think it was an hour-and-a-half, I think it’s Kevin, Ken, the boy cousin that finds the eye, and then Uncle Al just kind of washes it and cleans it and stuff. He just plunks it back into his eye socket. Michaela said that the eye socket looked really disgusting because it was just like a flap of skin and you can see all the stuff in the back, which I have a friend that also - like she took out her eyeball for me, so yes, it doesn’t look that good. Yes, it just looks kind of weird when you see the back of an eyeball. He puts it back in and then afterwards, she was like, “Oh, it was so obvious it was a fake eye. How did I never notice it before?” It looks really fake, and he test his eyes just to make sure that it works, and it does. The reason why they were so worried about the eye – they were so mad because the eye is expensive. It was out of budget for the Cape Cod trip and expenses. Then Michaela, in the distance, sees a bunch of figures watching this whole – probably been watching this whole ordeal go down. She sees David and Michael Kennedy and it’s the rest of the Kennedy family. She’s like, “Oh, god, they’ve seen this whole thing go down for the last hour,” which is I guess not something you really want the presidential family of your time to see. So, that is the way I remember from the story. Please say I am – okay, 