So, this story starts off when the narrator says that he is a journalist at Fordham and that Fordham was raising tuition prices to  more – other important schools. So, he goes to interview the dean, and then he asks the dean about this tuition raise. The dean says something like, “Listen hear, punk,” and then out of nowhere this guy comes in with a – I forgot what type of pie it is, but he spills it onto the dean’s face and then he runs off. The dean is just covered with pie, something like that. The narrator asks, “Would you care to comment on this?” and then the dean said something like – I forgot what he says. I think he calls the other guy a dick.
Then, the narrator goes on to his publisher office, because he’s a journalist so he has to write scoops and all that. He writes the story to his editor, I’m guessing, who he says won a Nobel or Pulitzer, one of those. I think it’s a Pulitzer. So, he writes the scoop but he adds on more extra details to spice it up. He says he was wearing a cape or something and that he has a catchphrase something in Latin that translated to, “I’m not an animal,” and he said it was weird but he was Roman Catholic so Latin came to him first and whatnot. Then after that, he shows it to his editor who says, “I love it. Let’s publish this.”
When the story’s out, he gets a letter the narrator gets - or a message from the Pie Man, or pie guy – I think it’s Pie Man - who says, “I’ll meet you at this location.” Then, the narrator goes with a photographer, and then he says he sees this girl who she has a lot of school spirit and that she’s a purebred, something like that. She’s really into academics and school and stuff and that she was against the whole drinking in public so she was trying to get better but she thought it was like distasteful that people were drinking outside campus. The narrator says that the dean couldn’t get enough of her quite literally on his desk. Then, the Pie Man, he’s wearing a cape and then he runs off again and says the catchphrase. Then, everyone starts talking about this Pie Man, and they’re taking pictures of him, and he’s really popular.
Then, I think the narrator goes into this pub bar thing and he sees this girl he’s been flirting with. He says that they’ve been flirting but really it’s just been him trying to get at her. She comes up to him and says, “We’ve been talking about you about how you always know where Pie Man is, how you know so much about him, we were wondering are you Pie Man?” Then, the narrator talks about what’s going on like obviously, I’m not Pie Man but if it weren’t for me, she wouldn’t know about him and if I say yes she’s definitely going to want to sleep with me. So, at the end he just says, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then, the girl is like, “Okay, well, buy me a beer and talk to me about it.”