So, the story is about this woman whose family is obsessed with the Kennedy family and she starts off by saying they grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, and that her family really resonated with the Kennedy family for some reason because they were both Irish. Later, there was the 10th anniversary of JFK’s death and the narrator starts crying and her sister makes fun of her for it. She says, “Dad, look, she’s crying.” The dad has to pull off and he stops the car, and he says, “Don’t you ever feel ashamed if you cry over that man, who’s JFK.”
Then, the narrator starts talking about her one family or multiple family vacations to this beach where the Kennedys have a house or something like that, and that her aunts are constantly looking over with binoculars towards this house and describing what they see, and that if they see something that is unusual like a new person, they’ll draw the family tree on the sand, and then they’ll be like, “Oh, this is one of Bobby’s. Don’t tell so-and-so because it’ll break her,” which is, I’m assuming, a family of theirs, and then in that same location, because when the aunts are too busy looking up at Kennedys, the narrator and her sister, they’re not being watched in the water so I think they went too far out and this boat came and it was one of the Kennedys who have to save them. Then, she was also talking about some of the things their aunts do when they’re mad. One aunt will call them by their addresses, something about living on Asylum Ave Road or something, and the second aunt, what she does is she’ll say really nice things like, “Come lay on the towel,” like, “I’ll save you,” but she says that in a menacing, threatening way. Yes. Then, she describes her family’s faces when the narrator and her sister are saved by the Kennedys, and they’re like forcing their smiles but really the narrator knows that they’re going to have a severe punishment after they leave.
Then, their punishment is - oh, before that. The family thanks the Kennedys on the boat, and they say, “Send my wishes to so and so.” Then, after that, their punishment is to not go in the water. It’s a really hot day but you can’t go in the water. Then, they get really bored and then, one of them says, or one of the family member says, “You can go in the water but only up to your knees.” Then, the narrator mentions that it’s really boring and that after that, her uncle and her cousins, they start playing chicken with her. She says it’s a good family memory of them actually being a family playing around in the water. Then, the narrator said she kicked her uncle’s head really hard to the point where his eye jumped out of the – out of his socket and in to the water and it sank, and then everyone was freaking out. 
Nobody knew that her uncle had a fake eye. It was one of those magnetic ones that replicated the eye movement of the other one, something technical like that. Then, their cousins were looking at her as if saying, “You broke my dad.” Then, she recalls being really terrified and everyone was like looking at her blaming her. I don’t know how much time passes but ultimately, she does find the eyeball again in the ocean but she screams because she gets scared again and she drops it again, and it sinks again. She knows that it’s possible now to find it so the whole entire family gets in the water and the cousin, which is the uncle’s son, I think he finds the eyeball. Then, the uncle, he’s just rinsing it off and then popped it back in his eyes socket. The narrator is like, “I don’t know why I didn’t notice it before, it looks really fake.” Then, she said she remembers feeling really regretful and that she should have drowned and the Kennedys shouldn’t have saved her because she caused this whole mess. That the uncle and his wife paid a lot of money for that eye, but they found it again.
Yes, I think that’s all I can recall for now. 