This story is about a grade school teacher introducing the Oregon Trail to her class. It is a third-grade end-of-year sort of project in making the Oregon Trail history and how the people that went through it in an interactive experience for these children in the classroom. The teacher began by incorporating the story and the travels of the Oregon Trail and its game that came and released for it, along with a Dungeon & Dragons twist, which is with dice rolling and probability and chance to determine outcomes within the story. The beginning started with choosing your name for the Oregon Trail. These children got too dark humor-ly, for an adult, choose names of people that actually died on the Oregon Trail, but using only their first name the last names were allowed to be changed.
On the first day, it started off with showing the students how long of a journey it was for the people that went through the Oregon Trail; on a two-thousand-mile journey across the Rockies. The teacher allowed for a field trip to walk her class 40 blocks, which was estimated to be about two miles, which is a very small percentage of what the actual Oregon Trail is. On that field trip, she was confronted by a student saying, after a long walk, that there is a water fountain that they would like to use, and the teacher responded was saying that there is no water fountains back in the Oregon Trail times. But she was worried about what ramifications could come from a teacher-parent sort of interaction. So, she came to the creative response of it being considered a stream and where they could allow themselves to drink water. 
Another part of the interactive study that happened to begin inside the classroom was about how to pick jobs or professions that these people had that the students could relate to, whether it be farmers or doctors. So, they began by rolling the dice to see what would happen when they would interact with the environment. The example they gave was with forging across a stream. The teacher would take on a role of a Wagoneer that would help them get across the stream. She had built - she had made a bonnet and that would be her character to interact with the students and be a part of the Oregon Trail. 
The most dynamic part came with the ability to create danger and fear for the students, and the teacher found out early on that this is the most exciting part for the students that was adding a sort of life threatening response to how they came across the Oregon Trail. The first time it happened was where someone was taken under a wagon that broke on their body and they had to roll their dice to see if they were able to get out which then she was able to get out. The second roll was to see whether she got infected legs or she was healing. Unfortunately, she became ill to infection because of the leg injury, and the teacher was increasingly more nervous that these sort of adult-like fears and topics were coming up for such a young class. So, before finding her own resolve, there was a young student who was actually a character as a doctor stood up and claimed to be a doctor that would be able to heal the “injured” student that had fallen onto the wagon and it was a quite enjoyable revelation. The teacher likened it to the end of Apollo 13 where people were throwing up paper in the air and cheering and in complete and utter joy for accomplishing such an amazing feat. 
After that day the teacher had come back to realize that moving forward with the story and the way for them to venture across the Oregon Trail was going to no longer go through any sort of life-threatening thing, however much that the students brought enjoyment that adding fear and a possibility of death was a part of the game.
Continuing forward, she came back, the teacher came back with the ability to say that they had come across a rustling of wildlife. One of the students, Alex Bacon, was curious about whether it was another round of danger of a wild animal or not. The teacher replied, was saying that no, it’s an injured animal and they got to roll the die to see what type of injured animal was, being injured fox that they adopted and brought along towards the end of the Oregon Trail. With that, eliminating any more fears or happenings of death-defying or death experiences on their travels, it became sort of an expedited move through the – move through the adventure as fast as possible. She compared it to an Amazon Prime two-day shipping quick finish to it.
Moving forward, it came across that she had come across one of her students that was the one that had fallen under the wagon. She had come across her years later from her third-grade class, now in ninth grade. She had recognized her immediately, almost a stretched or a taller version of her younger student self and they came across each other on the streets of New York, and they smiled and talked and hugged. The former student, Katy, whispered in her former teacher’s ear, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?”
Earlier also, it was stated in her sense of creating this way of bringing learning to the students she spoke about the reason behind how she created this game for social studies, was about teaching students about geography, and that she had fun things like animal bands that they weren’t very interested in. The fact that the way to create an understandable learning experience for a bigger topic of the Oregon Trail was to teach more in a realm of how the states were, and she also created a game that was to help learn certain things about different states that would help them move forward and how to learn about the United States itself. 