Okay. So, this story was about a guy named Jim, who was a journalism major at Fordham University in the Bronx. He was a writer for Ram, which was their school newspaper. He was approaching Dean Gallagher about his initiative to start recruiting kids who come from families with more money rather than the working-class families that had been at the college predominantly during that time. So, he was asking the dean a question, if he wish to comment on these new changes, and as he was asking Dean Gallagher that question, a man with a cream pie runs up next to him and shoves a pie into the dean’s face. So, Jim asked the dean if he wants to comment what just happened, and the dean replies, “Yeah, I would like to comment,” and his comment is “Fuck you.” So, protagonist Jim runs back to his editing room and he tells his editor, I guess it’s journal - whatever room they use to write. He tells his editor named Shawn, who was a senior and who later won a Pulitzer Prize, he tells Shawn about the story, and he says “Yeah, the dean is an asshole, I don’t like him. So, write the story.” So, he writes a story and he adds a few details. One, that the - so what’s named Pie Man, and that he had a cape and a mask before his attack, and he also said that Pie Man had a catchphrase, which was,  - I don’t remember the first part, but it ended up with  and it was Latin, for “I am not an animal.” He said that as Pie Man was running away, he clicks his heels as he was running away. Shawn, his senior, likes the story and he likes the idea of Pie Man, so he put it on the front page of the newspaper. Everybody loved it. Then, Pie Man sent Jim an email that said, “Hey, Jim, I like your story. I like your details. If you want to meet me again, be at the Central Library on Tuesday at 3:00.” So, he’s at the and he sees the Pie Man, shove the pie in the face of a grown woman, Angela. Angela was described as well-bred and that she came from a privileged area, and said that Angela did not like drinking outdoors. So, she was working with the dean for a new rule that nobody can drink alcohol outside. He said no more beers at barbecues. This was something really upsetting, and Jim said that the dean was suspected of sleeping with Angela, and that Angela was a type of student that she wants to see more of on campus because she was from a wealthy family, and she was very diligent and all that. So, Angela got a pie in the face for that rule - for wanting to support that rule. This time, they made another article about this attack of the Pie Man, and they had a picture of him clicking his heels, running away with a cape. It didn’t really specify if the Pie Man had added all of that to his outfit as a result of reading the news article, but it seemed like he was talking about a picture that was like a real picture. So, he might have done - in this attack, done what he was said to have done the first time. Aso, after this happened, Jim goes to the bar and – oh, okay. Wait. No, the girl from before was Shiela. Angela is the girl that I’d like to talk about. Angela was a girl who Jim had been flirting with for two months, and said that she didn't really exactly even know who he was. But he walks into the bar and he see her there, and he’s planning on just not really saying anything to her like he usually does, but she comes up to him and she asks “Are you the Pie Man?” He thinks that from the way she asked that question and the way that she was looking at him, she said that - he knew that if he said yes, that she would have sex with him. So, he was saying “Well, nobody would even know about the Pie Man if it weren’t for me. Nobody knows I’m not the Pie Man,” so he claims the identity of the Pie Man for Angela, and Angela said, “Why don’t you buy me a drink and talk to me about it?” The moral of the story is that he got the girl he wanted by pretending to be a vigilante who throws pies into people’s faces. I’m done. 