The speaker is from Providence, Rhode Island, and she would spend her summers with her family at a home that is near the Kennedys. One summer, in particular, she was with her aunts who were outside watching the Kennedy’s house to see if they could spot a Kennedy. They would talk about all of the details of their lives and they would question which ones that they see and they would have the same discussion every summer, but this one particular summer, the speaker is nine years old and she's with her cousins who were also that age and they get to play in the water, on the beach. Because the aunts are so invested in the Kennedys, they're not watching the girls. The girls find a deflated broken life raft or boat and they get on it and within five minutes of being on it and not being noticed by an aunt that could have stopped it all from happening, they were drift out into a riptide and this some kind of ferry - and they were in the open water and within a few minutes, their aunts were merely the size of dots on the land because they were so far out. A big wave came over and once the girls had wiped the water from their eyes and could see, they noticed that a boat had come to help them. They were saved by the boat and then they noticed that their aunts were hysterically screaming on the shore. As they got closer, the aunts finally stopped being so mad that they had been taken adrift and rather noticed that it was some Kennedys that had rescued the girls and brought them back to shore. They were stunned and then they got mad that the girls had become the Kennedys’ problem because the Kennedys should already have too much to worry about.
The aunts talked to them and thanked them for bringing the girls back, all while staring at the girls with a disappointed look on their face. When the Kennedys left, they punished the girls by only allowing them on the beach but not allowing them in the water for the rest of the summer. One day, in particular, during their punishment, they were just on the beach and it was hot and they had been out all day. They had used all their sunscreen and they wanted to get in the water and an aunt finally gave in and said they could go in the water but only up to their knees. So, they did go in. There were three of them and they were playing in the water and they were trying to play chicken even though it's difficult with only three people. Then her cousin’s father comes to play with them who never plays with them and then he helps them play chicken and they're having family fun. Then she accidentally kicks him in the head and his eye pops out and falls into the water. She and her cousins are stunned. None of them knew that he had a glass eye and then the aunt was hysterically screaming because the eye was very expensive and they could not afford another one.
So, the speaker that kicked the uncle's eye descends into the water and looks around the sand for the eye, and then it ends up in her hand and she immediately screams and drops it, realizing that there was a glass eye in her hand. Then now that everyone had realized that it was possible to find it, they had all gone over to start looking and she had prayed that she would not have any fun until they could find it and that someone else could be the one to find it. I can't remember how but they did find it and he just rinsed it off and put it back in. They had all started to pretend like nothing had happened and started rambling on about their stories or got into formation to start telling their stories about what the speaker had just done to her uncle. When the speaker noticed what no one else had is that those Kennedy brothers were standing from a distance and had seen the whole thing play out. I think that was the end.