Joe is standing at the door and he gets – not at the door, but he gets two letters and, for sure, one of them, he opens up and he was kind of surprised. He lets out a “Whew,” and he’s like, “Gee, golly,” and he’s looking outside – well, his sister who was like, “What’s up Joe?” Joe has got sort of faraway glance, looking outside towards the – snowflakes that are falling down. He’s like, “Well, I’m not going to be playing for the baseball team that I’m playing for anymore.” She’s like all disappointed at that and makes this really weird, I don’t know, attractive comment. I don’t know how I feel about that considering she’s a sister. Clara, and so she’s like, “Oh, it’s a shame Joe. You’re a good player. This, that, and the other thing.” He was said, “Yes. Well, I loved it and it was great while I was there.” He’s like winding up his arm and like thaw throwing a ball kind of a thing because he’s a pitcher. Just as he’s like winding up, his mother comes in and she’s carrying a big jar, and his arm punches the jar and the jar flies across the room and smashes. Both the mom and Clara screamed and Joe says, “Out at first,” and then asked if his mom was okay because he thinks he might’ve hit her which I feel like I confirmed I didn’t hit my mother first but whatever. After they confirmed that it’s fine, she’s like, “Yes, we’re all good. Glad it wasn’t my good vase.” Then she also talks about him being handsome. Once again, sort of weird mother and daughter thing going there. He’s like got some exciting news about this letter that he’s being really dodgy about saying what the letter is. It takes a long time to get to it. He finally does get to it. He talks about the fact that he’s been selected to – be taken up from the minors, I’m assuming he’s playing at, to the majors, I’m not good at baseball, to St. Louis Cardinals. So, he’s being like called up to the St. Louis Cardinals and his like, “They’re going to draft me, it’s almost certain.” That’s what the letter was trying to , it’s saying they’re going to get drafted. His mom doesn’t like that he said drafted because it reminds her of a war and he was saying like, “No, it’ll be good,” and he has a chance to make more money. The baseball stuff was hard for me to remember, not great on baseball history or what’s going on with baseball. Oh, Mabel was also writing a letter at the same time that Joe was reading the letter, so she put that aside at this point. On top of this, they were sort of talking about like, “Wow, I’m going to be a big baseball player.” The mom seems sort of disapproving that he chose baseball as a career and then the sister is talking about like, “Wow, you’re going to be in the majors,” and she used a slang, I can’t remember what slang she uses, maybe something about sports. She says all the girls use slang about sports, so it’s not that big of a deal. Then he starts to talk about like another letter that he received in like block, it’s like in this sort of nice card stock. He’s like, “It's only from one of my admirers.” Joe has a bronzy face, I forgot that, they mentioned that at the beginning too and he whistles. She’s like, “Oh, yes, open it Joe,” and he opens it and he goes like, “Oh, it’s from Mabel and her brother. It’s from Mabel,” who is like apparently a heartthrob of his in the past. So, Mabel is telling him that she’s coming to town, she’s going to be visiting and she’s coming with her brother. Clara is like, “Oh my god, I haven’t ever met her.” He’s like, “You’ll probably going to meet her tonight,” and they’re excited about it because this is sort of a love interest. He was talking to his mom who he calls momsie which is weird. You know what I mean? Then, he’s like, “They’re coming in tonight, that’s what it says. They’re going to be on the express train.” He’s like, “I should go down to the depot and sort of wait for them, pick them up, this, that, and the other thing.” They’re looking outside again, they’re like, “Wow, this is really going to be turning into a small little blizzard here, it’s snowing really hard outside, it’s kind of surprising.” This is after the conversation about baseball, Joe thinks he’s going to go to St. Louis, going to be part of the majors and this was going to be his big break in terms of – hopefully, he’d be able to go to the New York Giants or the Philly Athletics, I think those are the two he was hoping to get picked up to. He didn’t expect that he would be going up to the majors this soon. He was maybe thinking about wanting to get more money because the majors – the team that he’s playing on wasn’t great and he wanted to go and look up what the batting average was so that they would be expected. Like what the batting average was that they’d expect sort of a deal. He also just used it’s going to be a lot of hard work, but he seems excited. Anyways, goes to the train depot and he comes up to the train dude, he’s like, “Hey.” The train guy is like, “Well…” Joe also, before he got there, thought that the train was going to be delayed because of the snow, that’s why they got talking about this, it’s like a mini blizzard. So, he gets there and the train depot dude is like, “Yes, your train is going to be delayed, come back at X, Y, Z hour.” He goes, “Okay.” He comes back in X, Y, Z hour, and he goes like, “Hey,” and he goes, “Joe, the train is not going to get in this time around.” He was like, “Oh, what do you mean? Has it been derailed?” He was so worried, so nervous about it, like wrecked. The dude at the train depot is like, “No, it’s worse, it’s stuck at some pass.” I can’t remember the name of the pass, but it’s stuck in a pass, it’s gotten snowed in. Joe is like distraught because that’s pretty bad that they’re snowed. He’s wondering like, “What can I do to help Mabel and her brother?” because his friends are on this thing, and obviously, he’s got this love interest. That’s where we were,  