Okay. The first story that I heard was about a family, Clara, Joe, and their mother Mrs. Masten. They were in a snowstorm. Joe has two letters he receives. He opens them up with a pocketknife. The first letter he opens up is from his boss. His boss is a manager of a minor league baseball team. It wasn’t implied that it was a minor league team. It wasn’t stated obviously but it was implied because then later on in the story, Joe explains to his sister Clara, and his mother that a major league team can draft him if he’s needed. So, the letter says that he’s been drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals. The first part of the story, it said St. Louis Nationals and then it said St. Louis Cardinals, so either team name, it’s a team from St. Louis that wanted to draft him.
He had been with the central League champions in Pittsburgh, the team’s name was the Pittstons but I guess it’s the Pittsburgh Pittstons or whatever. So, that was one letter. His mother walked into the room when he was reading the first letter and he was trying to do a wind-up for his pitching arm and he knocked the pitcher of water over with his arm. Sorry about that, my family decided to interrupt this whole thing. I’m just going to keep talking. Good grief. It’s so nice that family doesn’t understand anything. Anyway, sorry for my family interrupting. 
So, anyway, Joe gets a letter from the manager of the Pittsburgh team, the Pittstons and it says he’s going to be drafted by St. Louis. His mother walks into the room right as he’s reading a letter to his sister Clara. He knocks over a pitcher of water that his mother was bringing in the room off a tray. The jug crashes on the floor and breaks into a thousand little pieces. His sister Clara and Mrs. Masten give out a scream and then the other mother complains that the rug will be ruined because it’s all wet now. Let’s see. So, that’s the first letter.
In the second letter that he opens up after breaking the jug is from his friend Maybelle. Maybelle was coming to the city where the Masten family lives. They’re coming on an express train that day. The only problem is there’s a snowstorm outside. So, eventually, Joe goes to the train depot after reading both letters and he finds out from the train conductor headmaster at the station that the train has been stalled and they’re stuck five miles away from wherever the Masten family is. It’s not really implied that they’re from Pennsylvania. It’s not explicitly stated but I guess it’s implied.
Anyway, his friend Mabel and the other person with her, they’re stuck five miles away and their train’s not going to arrive for a few days. So, that is – sorry about the Prolific Browser extension going off also. I wish I could redo this when it was more quiet but this is the only quiet area I have in my house but yes, that’s the best I can do. This guy Joe Masten. He opened up these letters with a pocketknife and one letter was about him being trained to do or drafted by St. Louis and the other letter was about his friend Maybelle on the train but she was going to be stuck in the snowstorm. 