The woman talks about how she grew up in Providence, Rhode Island, near the Kennedys, and that they were some of the most important people in her family’s life and that the Kennedys problems were their family’s problems. Their family’s problems plus the Kennedys problems just were an intense amount of problems. At one point in time, they were driving on I-95 and she was crying about JF Kennedy, and her sister is making fun of her for crying about it. Her father pulled over to the side of I-95 and says, “Don’t you ever be ashamed about crying for that man,” which just shows how much the Kennedys meant to them. They would vacation together in Nantucket, by where their parents got married. Their parents got married in the same church as the Kennedys. The whole family would go on this vacation, and so they’d spend their time on the beach directly across from the Kennedy Compound, and it would kind of be like the same situation every single summer. This one summer, they went to the beach and they sat on the beach, and they were having a good time. Her Aunt Pat, her Aunt Gert, and Aunt Momo had sat their beach chairs after they had put on their sunscreen on the tops of their hands, on the tops of their feet, and the back of their neck that they have put on the sunscreen and then they had sat their chairs not directly in the sun, not facing the water, but facing the Kennedy Compound. They’d have the same routine every single time where they’d have the binoculars and they’d spy on the Kennedys at the compound, and they would go to the same sort of like dialogue about it, about how old Rose was, and they do the calculations and go about on what time - Jack died in ‘63. Then, Joe died when she was 81, left her widowed. Technically, she’s 85 now. They talked about how you didn’t see Jackie around much, and then they’d break for lunch. They kind of had the same routine every single time, and so what that meant is they weren’t paying attention to the cousins, her cousin Kevin and her other cousin. So, they were in the water playing around and they found this boat that didn’t have any paddles or anything like that, and so they got in the boat and they started like floating away. It wasn’t until they had got right up to the Nantucket ferry and they began to see a people with more clarity that they realized, “Oh no, we’re pretty far from shore.” So, then they looked back and their aunts and their family were just like four little dots on the beach. They were really scared because they’re like, “Oh, our aunts are going to be so mad at us,” and then all of a sudden, this powerboat came and saved them, and it was I think David and Michael Kennedy that had come from the Kennedy Compound and come to save them. Then, they bring them back to the beach and they see their aunts and their family again. They’re like, “Oh my gosh, we’re going to be so screwed. We’re going to be in so much trouble,” because, usually, when they yell at us, it’s like one of the aunts does the whole yelling and giving their whole address. It’s like, “Marilyn, something something Asylum Road,” and, “Kevin, 125,” and giving their whole addresses. The other aunt would just sit there and say something nice but in such a tone that you would think it’s not. Like, “Oh yes, I’ll save you drowning. Go sit on that towel. I’ll save you,” or whatever. So, they’re scared that they’re going to get in so much trouble, but when they head to the beach, they find out that the aunts and the family sees that the Kennedy boys brought them back, so they’re just smiling and talking in this accent. It’s like mixed with Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe, sort of accent like that. Then, being really nice and saying thank you and things like that. They weren’t mad, but they were giving eyes for the kids like they were really angry at them. They weren’t mad that they had gone all the way out, but the Kennedy boys had to come and save them. Anyway, they say, “You’re not allowed in the water anymore because you can’t respect the waters,” so they are sitting on the beach, and after a while, they just annoy their Aunt Pat to this point where she was like, “You know what, fine, go in the water.” So, they go in the water, but they’re only allowed to go in the water up to their knees. There’s just three of them, and so they’re bored and they’re like, “Well, let’s try to play chicken fights.” They are trying to play chicken fight, and obviously, it’s not going really well, and so their Uncle Al comes in the water. He never plays around with them, so it’s like even wondered if they can get him to come. So, he’s playing chicken fights or whatever, and she’s on their cousin - Uncle Al had his daughter on his shoulders, and then Kevin and the one, Marilyn, I think, are playing chicken fight against her Uncle Al. At one point time, she kicks her Uncle Al in the side of the head really hard and his eye falls out into the water, and she just stood there  like, “Oh my gosh, what just happened? What do I do?” because they didn’t know his eye was a fake eye. Now, his eye is gone and his socket is just there with the skin and everything. She can just see because the lid is open. She’s like, “What do I say to someone whose eye I just kicked out of their head? What can you possibly say?” and they’re just really frustrated because it’s this magnetic eye that can keep up with your other eye, and it was apparently a really expensive eye. Apparently, they just don’t have it in the budget for a new eye, and so they like, “Well, I don’t really know what to do at this point,” and so she just stood off from the rest of the family because the family is just in shock, she’s just in shock, and it’s just a terrible situation. At one point, she’s like, “You know what, no, I pray for no future happiness until we find this eye.” She goes look for the eye and she finds it, but then she screams because it’s freaking her out and drops it back in the water. But then at this point, her family was like, “Okay, now we know it’s possible to find the eye.” So, then the whole family gets in the water. After about an hour, her cousin Kevin finds it and holds it up in the air in triumph and he doesn’t let do of it. Then, her Uncle Al just washes it off and plops it back into his eye and does a little test, looks around, and it seems okay. It’s keeping up with the other. It’s okay. Then, they go and sit back on the beach, and their family’s just talking about how - the story over and over again about how she kicked the eye out of his head. All of a sudden, she looks over and she sees something that they hadn’t noticed, sees these people that had been watching them, and it was David and Michael Kennedy before and had taken a walk on the beach, I guess. From the look in their eyes, she said it looked like they had seen the entire interaction that it was kind of funny because now the Kennedys are watching them. 