So, this guy goes to Fordham University, and he's a journalist, and he had -, he was walking on campus that's mostly full of students that are working-class students that have jobs and go to school at the same time, and there was recently an initiative put in by the dean, Dean McDoward - who he wanted to have more well-off students, more students that came from better backgrounds, more money, at the school. So, he happened to run into this dean, and he, as a journalist, of course, whipped out his pen and pad and asked him, “Dean McDoward, would you like to comment about this new, this new initiative to make Fordham have students that are more well-off, and ignore, basically, the working class students. And the dean was like about to, respond and out of the corner of Tom's eye, he sees this figure, and he sees this dude with this pie in his hand, and then all of a sudden, he sees the pie in the dean's face, then the guy runs away, and so Dean McDoward has just been pied. So then, he says, “Well, Dean McDoward, would you like to comment about this recent attack with the pie,?” and the dean looks at him and says, yes, I would like to comment, “Fuck you.” So then, he's like, oh, okay. And so then, he immediately goes back to, to the journalism office, to the RAM, to write this paper, this article about it. And he goes to the editor, who's like this big dude, and he's like, “Hey, this is what I just saw. This is everything that just happened. want to write this about it. And the guy's like, “Dean McDoward? That guy's a dick. Yeah, write the story.” So, he starts to write the story, and he crosses the line and he sort of embellishes a little bit about the story. And so, he makes up this name, Pie Man, capital P, capital M, Pie Man, who wears this cape and this mask and he runs away after he pies someone, exclaiming this phrase in Latin, which basically translates to “I'm not a beast, I'm not an animal,” which doesn't really make sense, but it didn't really have to because he was making it up. And also, as he runs away, he clicks his heels. And so, the editor reads the story and he's like, “Pie Man, love it, first page.” So, it gets the first page of the paper. And then, the next day, he gets this letter from this guy who's saying, “Oh, meet me here to see me again. Meet me on the steps of this building and this time,” said Pie Man. And so, he's like, “Oh, of course I'm going to go. I need to get this story, I need to see Pie Man.” And so, he goes and he brings his editor from the - this photographer from The Ram, and he sees Sheila, and Sheila is this girl who the dean wants to have more of her type of person on campus. She was part of the initiative to ban alcohol drinking outdoors, taking beers away from barbecues, which everyone didn't like, obviously. And then, the guy – so, he sees Sheila or whatever, the student body president, and then all of a sudden, he sees Pie Man, and Pie Man pies her and then he runs away, clicking his heels, screaming that same phrase in Latin, and then he's like, “Well, whether or not he actually did that is, not important, but he did in my story.” And so, he writes five stories in total about Pie Man. And then, he goes to this bar and he sees this girl, Angela, who has been in one of his courses and who he's been flirting with the whole time. And then he's like, “Well, I don't really know if she knows that I exist.” And so, all of a sudden, he goes to the bar to have a drink, and he feels a tap on his shoulder, and it's Angela. She's like, “Oh, you know, Tom, we were just talking and we were just wondering why do you always know when Pie Man is going to show up. How are you the one who always knows where he's going to be?” And he's - she just says, “Well, are you Pie Man? And then he says - he's thinking what to say. He's like, “Do I lie? Do I not lie?” And he's like, “Well, technically I am Pie Man. I mean, I don't wear the cape and I don't wear the mask, but I made him up. I wrote him. I made up those details when I first wrote the story. So, technically I am.” He's going back and forth and he just says, “Screw it. Because if I tell her that I'm Pie Man, she's going to have sex with me tonight.” And so, he says, “You know what, Angela, yes, I am Pie Man.” And she says, “Well, okay. Then buy me a beer and tell me about it.” And so he does. 