So, in the story that she's talking about, she wanted to teach her students about the experience of the Oregon Trail and – well, she knew she wanted to do it through showing them the gravity of the whole – like how intense it was, I guess. I think the narrator or teacher mentioned something about their getting letters from this rock band. I don't really remember the context of that. And then - so yes, she was talking about the Oregon Trail game that’s been around online and on the phone apps now, and she said she combined that with Dungeons & Dragons. It’s like a dice rolling game, to create her version of it - a version of this game. She showed her kids the impact of animals, have a good time with it, right? She said she does a lot of games with her students. So, she had this game going. She uses, I think, last names from actual people who were on the Oregon Trail and the kids get to keep the first name but they have to use the last name and the last name of the people that were actually on the trail, and then there's one kid, Alex – smart aleck kid called Alex, he asked, “Is anybody going to die in the trail?” So yes, she’s from – they’re all in Manhattan. So, she takes the kids in a two-mile walk, three blocks for the streets, and she – because she wants to – I guess she’ll tell how walking for a long time feels. The smart aleck kid, Alex, he says, “Oh, I will just be sitting in the wagon if I’m actually in the Oregon Trail.” The teacher responds, “No, you wouldn’t be. Only the sick and injured were on the wagons.” So, they do the walk, they’re hot, they’re sweaty, and then they get to a classroom sometime. Then, the teacher, she writes up all the situations for this – like Dungeons and Dragons type of game, and then they go by the dice roll to figure out the outcome. So I think it’s pretty safe for the beginning. Nothing really happened, but she says the beginning of each day, one of the kids asked – would ask, “Is someone going to die today?” Yes, I don’t know. The game’s a hit. The kids are super excited to come to social studies. They’re really excited to play the game, basically. So, through the Oregon Trail, throughout the Social Studies classes, and then eventually, the teacher decides to spice it up once they hit the Rocky Mountains, or when they're about to, like one of the kids asks, “Oh, is somebody going to die today?” and instead of responding in a regular way, which is – I forgot what the regular way was actually, but she says we have been lucky so far but we have yet to hit the Rocky Mountains. So, they hit the Rocky Mountains and it’s dangerous. So basically, one of the girls in the story, in the game, basically - I don't know if something happens in the Rocky Mountain. She gets her legs trapped underneath the wagon wheel, and then she used to roll the dice to get her legs up. The teachers wrote up all these scenarios. I’m sure one is to get out safely, get out effectively. I don’t know if dying was an option. I don’t remember. Basically, she rolls the dice, she gets out except her legs are infected. Now, the teacher hadn’t planned anything else after this. She didn’t write any stories or any roles on what happened after this. And then the teacher is scared, like, “Oh no, her legs are infected.” Back in the day, that’s probably – it means death. She was freaking out internally, I guess, like, “Oh, no. What if actually kill of one off one of my students,” in the game obviously, but that’s still like a teacher thing to do. I don’t think  they could do to keep part in the game and learning, but then luckily - I think the girl’s name is Katie. Luckily, one of the kids yelled out, “Oh, no, my character is a doctor.” So, she goes up to the class where Katie is, and then the teacher says, “Well, you just don’t roll six and Katie will be fine.” This is the crazy climax, like everyone’s super – like super feeling the pressure at the moment and Katie just can’t roll a six. So, she does what the teacher says like their lucky dice prep roll thing where she puts the dice in her hand and then shakes it, and then one of the kids yells out, “Hey, do it again. Shake it again,” or something. She shakes it again and then she rolls the dice, and lucky enough, it turns out to be a three, so she is in fact, not dead, Katie, and everyone rejoiced because this is the closest they got to death, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. We move forward to the story and – I think there’s a prompt where there are supposed to be wild animals that can present peril, but the teacher was like – the teacher changes it and she was like, “Oh, no. These are actually just cute babies.” Because she didn’t want to deal with some of the scare like that, of almost killing off one of the students. She says, “And then we made it back, we made it to California. We just made it to the destination in record time after the Rocky Mountains.” I’m assuming because you don't want any more danger, the kids, by killing the students off. And they make it. That’s the whole Oregon Trail game. The teacher said she ran into Katie when Katie was in ninth grade, and then the first thing Katie says is like, “Hey, remember when I almost died in the Oregon Trail?” Then, the teacher is like, “Yes.” Yes. 