Okay. So, the speaker went to Fordham University and ran a newspaper called The Ram. At the time, the dean of students had decided that he was going to raise tuition, above inflation price, in order to get more wealthy students. The speaker went up to the principal and questioned him about it, and right when he was going up and ask him about it, a guy came by and put like a cream pie on his face. Then basically, he asked the dean if he wanted to comment on the recent attack and he said, “Fuck you,” and then walked away. Then he decided to go back and write about it and he told his boss, I think, that was like a teacher, the head of the newspaper, and he was like, “Oh, yes. That guy is an asshole. Write about it.” So then, he wrote about it in The Ram. He wrote about it in The Ram but he embellished the story a lot. He included that he had a Latin phrase that meant “I am not an animal,” and then he also was wearing a superhero cape and dressed like an Avenger. Those were his words. So, he embellished the story. Then basically, the – wait, what happened next? Oh. So then, he was contacted by Pie Man after everyone had started like saying – he became relatively famous around campus, and everyone had been saying his little catchphrase in class. He became kind of like a popular figure. Then a few minutes - I mean, sorry. Then after that, he was contacted by the guy who was the Pie Man, or he called him PM in the newspaper, and he said, “Come to the stairs of this building at this time,” and so he did, and there was the Dean and this pretentious student who was basically more of what the dean wanted. Like the student had a lot of money and had a lot of school spirit and like a lot of Pep. She was also rumored to be sleeping with the dean, and she worked with the dean and convinced him to ban outdoor drinking on campus at Fordham. So, no more beers at barbecues, is what the speaker said, and everyone was obviously very upset about this because she said it was like in poor – oh, she said it was in poor taste to be drinking outside. Then after that, he put a pie - the Superman guy arrived, PM arrived and - it was kind of unclear if he put the pie on the dean’s face again or on this girl's face. Sheila was her name. Sheila. Then later, when – and then he like wrote about it and, again, embellished the story. He wrote, in total, five different article pieces in The Ram about this and people would like to talk to him about it and he would be kind of known for it. Then, this girl that he’s been flirting with in his class for two months was at a bar with him one night and - or she was also there. He had been flirting with her for over two months but she didn't even know that he existed. But then she went up to him and she was like, “Oh, so you always seem to know where PM is going to be. Like how do you know this? Like are you him?” and then he went on this whole little story about trying to convince the audience that he was speaking to, he was like, “Oh, yes. I know. Like, of course, I was going to say it was me because it wasn't me, of course. It wasn't me at all. I was about to lie but I knew if I lied that she would sleep with me.” So, he then lied but then he like tricked the audience, and like the joke was that he actually did end up saying to her that it was him and he was Pie Man. So, yes, that was the end of the story. I'm done.