The story started with the narrator from Fordham University. He was a journalist and he was a reporter as well. He starts off by talking about how the dean had a new policy about raising the tuition, which would effectively keep out middle class students and bring in more upper class students, and this is being promoted by Sheila, the student body president who was kind of leading the charge with this one with the dean, and also wanted to get rid of being able to freely drink alcohol on campus and stuff like that. But the story starts with the appearance of who we later learned as Pie Man,  a student activist who wants to stop these negative things from happening to the Fordham students, so he makes an appearance by putting the pie into the face of the dean after he comes out of the building. The journalist who's telling the story, the narrator, is participating there - not participate, but is there, reporting on the scene, and goes up to speak to the dean and is there while the dean gets pied in the face, and starts to interview the dean afterwards, and  the dean just basically says “F you” or - does say that. So, the dean keeps going on, and this guy goes to write a story. He runs back to the journalism office or whatever, the paper, I'm not sure, but he goes to tell his editor about everything, the story and Pie Man, and he decides to embellish the story and he says that Pie Man was wearing a cape, which he wasn’t, and he also came up with a catchphrase in Latin that also didn't happen. I believe it was like “ego non sum bestia” which is like “I’m not an animal.” It’s kind of strange why you come up with that because it doesn't really make a lot of sense. But he makes the story, puts it out there, he gets - he gets the word, the good word of Pie Man out there on the streets, and then he continues on. He brings up this girl, Angela, who he flirted with, maybe didn’t flirt with, maybe it’s in his head, maybe it’s not. He kind of goes back and forth, but clearly, this girl, Angela, he's interested in, the narrator. He then brings up how Angela is at a bar that he’s at and he sees her but he’s not sure what's going on. He’s going back and forth in his head again. Then he describes that she comes up to him, taps him on the shoulder and she asks him like, “Hey, you always seem to know where Pie Man is. You always seem to know his whereabouts. You seem to be pretty knowledgeable on Pie Man. You seem to just be where he is,” and she asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” The narrator kind of sits with this question for a while because he doesn't - he doesn't know whether the right answer would be to say that he’s Pie Man or to not say that he’s Pie Man, but the analysis that he describes that was going on in his mind at the time is that based on the look on Angela’s face, he felt like he would have the best chance of having sex with her if he was to tell her that he is Pie Man, and that was in his words, not mine. He basically justifies it by saying that he put the good word of Pie Man out there, he came up with the phrase, he launched the concept and it's kind of his brainchild, like that's his justification, like even though Pie Man exists and is doing his thing and is in fact not our narrator, our narrator feels like - or states the fact that Angela wouldn't even know who Pie Man is if not for him and his doing. So with that, he lets us know that things are things are going well for him because she lets him know, thank God, and to go get him - or go get them drinks, to sit down and chat, and that seems to be the end of the conversation there, and that was the end of the story. So, yes. 