The story starts with the narrator describing how her and her family have this obsession with the Kennedys. They live in Providence, Rhode Island which is no more than 20 miles from the Kennedys and all that and how, from every little detail to how they talk and how they acted, her and her family were like, they have a bit of a parasocial relationship with the Kennedys. They didn’t actually know them or anything but there were this fixation that would go on with her and her family members even her, even her extended family members. So, she explains that the Kennedys are close by and whatever. She's on vacation at some lake house or something and her cousins, so they are playing around at the beach and her mom, her dad, her aunts and her older family members who would be in charge of taking care of the little kids, they all position their beach chairs the author spec - or the narrator specifies, not in the shade, not facing the water, not any of those things that you would want to do for a beach but specifically where they could spy on the Kennedys. So, they can see what they were doing and talk about them and gossip, whatever. Because they’re position this way, they didn't have an eye on the narrator and the narrator's cousins who were all young and just messing around, playing and stuff. So, they set off on a half-inflated raft boat thing and they get further and further and further away from shore. She explains that they get so far from shore that her and her aunts and whatever, look like tiny little specks. They keep going and they're starting to really fear that they're far and things are not going to be - whatever, they’re lost and all that stuff. Eventually, a boat comes up that notices them and coming to their rescue and it happens to be two of the Kennedys who rescue the narrator and her cousins. So, this comes with a bit of shock. They’re rescued by the Kennedys, they get on the boat, and they start heading back. The narrator explains that there is this fear of what's going to happen to them when they get back and clearly their mother is going to be furious and super angry with them for taking the boat out and putting themselves in danger and everything, but there’s this overwhelming sense of everything going on when they arrived back at their shore where their house is. They’re on a boat with the Kennedys. So, instead of yelling at them and just coming out straight through punishment and this is and that, handling it how they normally would’ve, they instead kind of tiptoe around the fact and ended up paste smiles on their faces and save face because the kids are with the Kennedys which is their fixation. I think even the grandmother, I believe it was, put on a voice to sound like the Kennedys, that’s something like Queen of England. Some bizarre voice to try and sound like them or something like that. So, obviously, it’s pretty funny but the cool story how they were rescued by the Kennedys. So, then she proceeded to explain how her, and her cousin begged, begged and begged for the rest of the summer to go back in the water because – or not the rest of the summer, I’m sorry, the rest of the vacation. The reason they weren't allowed is because they went out and were put in dangers and everything and so their punishment was that they only allowed to spend time on the beach, but they weren't allowed to go in the water because, “They didn't respect the water.” So, they were just messing around in the sand and blah, blah, blah, but obviously it gets pretty boring after a while, and I think the narrator even said that it was like 100 degrees, just blistering hot, not very fun or anything like that. So, instead of just sitting in the heat they begged, and they kept annoying their aunt or grandmother. I can't really remember, but they kept annoying one of the elder family members until eventually, she caved and allowed her and her cousins to go into the water but only knee-deep. So, they're happy for all of the minute but obviously, once they got in the water and realize that it’s just like teasing what’s really fun which is messing around in the water fully and so obviously just having half of your legs in there isn't really as fun. So, they tried the chicken fight but there's only three of them and so their uncle Al decides to hop in, which bizarre because apparently Uncle Al does not usually play or mess around this kind of thing. So, it’s her and her cousin with her other cousin and Uncle Al and they’re chicken fighting in the water, having a really fun time, family time and everything. In the heat of having all this fun while chicken fighting, the narrator describes how accidentally she kicks her uncle in the face, in the side of the face, very, very hard and his eyeball pops out and falls into the water which comes to the shock of her and her cousins because they didn't know that their Uncle Al has - that he has a fake eye. They didn’t know that. They just thought that he had whatever normal two eyes. Everyone begins to freak out, the other relatives because it's a very, very expensive prosthetic. It has magnetism or whatever, so it follows the other eye and it's very important and everything. So, they all go looking for it. They're searching everywhere and the narrator describes that just feels horrible about the whole thing. I mean she didn't mean to do so, but everyone's freaking out. The eye is really expensive, and they might not be able to pay for another one and she's just freaking, freaking out and then she eventually finds it and then as soon as she sees that she found that eyeball, she freaks out again, drops it back into the water but then everyone sees that. Says, “Oh, it can be found.” Then, they turned into a team effort and dig at the silt and try to find the eyeball until eventually her cousin does, and holds it up in triumph. As we learned at the end, the narrator notices that two of the Kennedys dropped by and were going on a walk and happened to have watched the whole scene and based on the looks on their faces, these are two of the Kennedy kids and based on the looks on their faces, it was pretty clear that they had seen the entire debacle. They were actually being watched by the Kennedys this time which was pretty ironic and that was how the story concluded. 