Okay. So, the story starts out with this teacher saying “Hello” and then an audience laughing, so I’m guessing she’s a comedian. She talks about how she’s a third grade teacher and she likes to make a lot of games out of learning. One of the games she made was this one when she was teaching about the Oregon Trail. It’s like a mixture of the Oregon Trail video game and some rules from Dungeons & Dragons, like when you roll the dice and then come up with different things. Then she talks about how another game she played is whenever they went to - they were in New York City and she took all the students to make them see how hard it was to walk the Oregon Trail. She takes them on a 40-minute, I think, two-mile walk through Manhattan. One kid sees a water fountain and he says, “I’m thirsty,” and she thinks about how on the Oregon Trail, there wouldn’t just be water there, but she doesn’t want to have that phone call with the parents so she says, “Oh, stream, let’s partake from it today. Can I get a drink of water?” Then another part was when there’s like a river and then they can choose either to go on a ferry or to push their wagons across the river and see if it floats or not. The kids choose to push it across the river, and I’m guessing it floats because they continue the journey. Then a big part of the story was whenever – like the wagon fell over and someone was under the wagon, and so they have to roll to see which student was trapped under the wagon, and it turned out to be this girl named Katie. They all have their first name, but then it’s paired with the last name from someone who actually died on the Oregon Trail. Her name was like Catherine Chapman, or I might be getting it mixed up with another kid’s last name. Maybe it was Ellis Chapman with the doctor girl, I don’t really remember. So, this girl was trapped under, and then she rolls multiple times, and it says that her legs were infected and that the infection was getting worse, and then a girl - and the teacher didn’t know what to do because she hadn’t planned that far ahead, but then another girl playing the game said, “I’m a doctor,” and that was the Ellis girl, and so they have to roll and the only way the Katie girl doesn’t make it is if they roll a six, and then the Ellis girl is doing like this lucky shaking thing, and then another kid says, “Shake it again,” and then she rolls it and it turns out to be three, so that Katie girl is saved. The teacher didn’t have to make that awkward phone call about how she traumatized a kid from killing them on the Oregon Trail. Years in the future, the teacher sees Katie walking around, and she’s in New York. She’s in ninth grade now and she just looks longer, the teacher says. They recognized each other immediately, and the first thing the Katie girl says is, “Do you remember when I almost died on the Oregon Trail?” The teacher was like, “Yes, I do remember that.” So, 