Okay. So, from the beginning of the story, there's some music playing, and it's kind of like country music, I'm not quite sure It's kind of giving comedy, slice of life, and then that music ends, and then there's some applause, and then a man starts speaking, kind of like in a presentation style. And so, from what I remember, he's a writer for The Ram, I think. Something about coming from the Bronx, and he's talking with his principal about tuition or something like that, and he's asking about how he could raise the tuition, and they're arguing about it or whatever, and then suddenly, a man pies his dean the face, Dean McGowan, and throughout the first conversation, it's like there's - it's pretty unrealistic conversation, like a dialogue. There's swearing, like I think the Dean says “Fuck you” at one point. Yes. So, the Pie Man – well, at this point, has not been dubbed Pie Man, but he pies the dean in the face with a cream pie and then leaves, and then the main speaker, the storyteller is like, “Oh,  this is gonna be a great story.” So, he runs back to his room and is talking to someone, and he's like, “Oh, this is gonna be like amazing.”  And he starts saying how - even though it was an interesting story, he needs to embellish it a bit, and he calls this - what writers call like making shit up or something. I don't remember the exact line, but he says something about bullshit. [laughter] So, after that, he starts adding details about how  the man who pied the principal in the face is wearing a cape and had a mask, and will yell Latin phrases that means “I'm not an animal,” something, something, “beastie.” And then, they're like, “Wow, this is great,” and he shows it to the editor or something, and they're like, “Yes, front page.” And so, this is all going well, and then later he kind of sees this other student, or who's like the head of some counsel, Sheila something, I don’t know. [Laughter] And so, he's like, Sheila is not like a like a - like a light person, some of the dean wants more of. He alludes to them possibly having an affair together, and like Sheila did something about banning alcohol on campus, alcohol consumption, like no beers and barbecue. He's talking to her, and suddenly, Pie Man comes back - who's also nicknamed PM, by the way - he comes back and he pies her in the face, and runs away again. And so, another story comes up and about this. Oh, before that, going back to before he met Sheila, there was a note saying “From Pie Man,” I think, that said, “Meet me here at this time,” and that's how he kind of ended up at that location. Anyways, going back to where I was before, I can’t remember how this came about, where he's at a bar, I guess, or some kind of place, and he meets a student in his Brit lit class, and her name is – well, actually, I don't think I remember her name. Jenny? No, no. I don't know remember. [Laughter] She asks him – oh, he says that he's been flirting with her all semester, and then he’s kind of joking, like “I flirted with her so subtly, I don't know if she even knows I exist,” and he's saying it's like one-sided flirting, he's like, “well, I flirted with her.” And then, she asks him, like “Hey, I notice you’re always somehow around when the Pie Man does his shenanigans,” like, are you Pie Man? Like, in his head, it's like “Oh no, I'm not Pie Man. But I know, if I say yes, she'll probably want to sleep with me, so I should say yes and. So, he's thinking about it and he's like okay logically, there's no correlation – I have never seen Pie Man outside in costume, and I don't who he is, and then he's like after all that, he still said yes, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” and he's like, “Technically, I created him, so I guess I kind of am Pie Man, in a way, and she's like, “Okay then, buy me a beer,” and I think that's where the story ends.