Okay. This man was at Fordham University and who worked at the newspaper called The Ram. He was a student there and he was trying to get a story, so he decided to talk to the dean who is in charge of the school. At that moment, the dean was trying to increase the higher-paying students in terms of the population at the school. So, the dean was hoping whatever was talked about that they were going to raise the price of tuition a lot more to have more, I guess, wealthy students going into Fordham. So, he decided to go interview the dean and asks him why was he doing this, because the reputation of Fordham University was having more middle-class students. So he asked the dean why he was doing this? Then, a guy came up and run and he pied him in the face with a cream pie as a prank and then ran away. The guy who works for the newspaper thought that it would be an interesting story because the dean yelled at him and swore at him.
So, he writes the story and the person that works or the other person that works at the newspaper company is like, “That’s such a good story. We’ll put it at the front page.” It’s a big hit. So, he writes like five different other stories about Pie Man. That’s the name. There’s kind of this reputation. People dress up as him and stuff. People have it like he wears a cape and it’s kind of like the superhero identity that no one even knows who he is. Even the guy that wrote the story doesn’t know who he, actually, is. Then, another incident that had happened before, he was talking to Angela who works with the student body at Fordham and the Pie Man came again. But one time - oh, there’s also talk about how Angela was potentially sleeping with the dean, and she worked with him also like prevent drinking off- campus. 
But, the original guy was out at the bar one day. He was buying drinks and the girl that he likes comes up to him. She’s like, “No one knows who Pie Man is. Are you Pie Man?” He’s like convinced that if he says yes, because no one does know the identity of pie man and he’s still kind of just like a random person that will throw the pies at people. It’s sort of like a running joke. So, he just says, “Yes” to lie and say it because he thinks that that’s like how he’ll get laid. I did not hear what she said after that, but then the story ended. But, he likes that girl and so he was trying to impress her so he just lied and said that. 
 Some other stuff that I remembered was - well, they just wanted a really juicy story, obviously. So, the other person that worked at the newspaper company didn’t like the dean at all. I guess people didn’t like him and he had an annoying reputation, so when they heard about this juicy story, they decided to put it on the front page and like the fact that he capitalized the P in pie and M in man so it gave him that identity, I guess, where he was more of like a famous person. 
That one girl who they had rumored to as sleeping with the professor or with the dean, she was really close in contact and did a lot of work with off-campus drinking. So, a lot of the people didn’t like her. So, that was another change that they were doing at the school that people liked him and another reason why they didn’t really like the dean. Yes, she just worked with the student body. I remember that he was the one who brought up to go with a round of drinks. He went up to go get a round the drinks and she approached him, and yes, he lied about being Pie Man because he just thought that she would think he was cooler, but it is a real person like the person does exist. But even the narrator hadn’t actually seen him without his cape. Also, there’s the idea that he runs off and speaks a Latin phrase, this was kind of like imagined by the writer, I think, just to make Pie Man seemed more of like a superhero and more ominous. Then, he would kind of like flock off and kick his heels after he left. 
I remember the first time when he pied the dean. The writer remembered that he kind of run off and clicked his feet and made a little jump. So, there’s definitely been a character that’s been created with the Pie Man. The story was also like a funny story. There are people laughing. It sounded like a comedian who’s telling a story. Again, I don’t remember what she said at the very end when after he admitted that she was Pie Man - that he was Pie Man even though he was just lying about it.
Other things I remember, he was - well, the reason they didn’t like him, he was trying to raise, the dean, is is because he’s trying to raise tuition and Fordham had a reputation of being for more middle-class students. He also mentioned kind of the typical Fordham students, like the flannel wearing, part-time job working student, I guess, which with his description of like the middle-class student which is what Fordham, typically, was. The dean at the time had wanted to change it and make it more expensive, I guess, and get more money for the school. But the main person in the story, the writer of the newspaper just mentioned how all of the Fordham kids were kind of similar with how they wear the flannel and having a part-time job. So, he kind of characterized them all the same like that.  
I’m not sure if I can think of anything else. I do remember, though, that he wrote multiple stories about Pie Man. Like he said, he authored five and he made a joke that they were all made by him rather than any other writer or worker at the newspaper. Also, this was like a student newspaper at Fordham University when he was a student. So, this is like an old memory of his that he is recalling.  I don’t know if I can think of anything else. I don’t know if I already mentioned The Ram. I think it was the name of the school paper that he worked at. I remember also when he talked to his friend about putting the – oh, he also talked about what he regularly often would do is just lie and make up stuff for a headline. Like it’s super common for a newspaper worker to make up something about their story so it’s more interesting and so it will get more popular.               