Okay. So, this woman had her mother and father from New Haven. They have this really interesting kind of obsession or a passion for the Kennedy family. Apparently, the mother and father were both wed in the same church as Jackie and John. So, also this girl’s father gave the same jewelry that - similar copies that John did to Jackie, so they’re really insane fans. Then, one day they’re all talking as a family and they’re like, “We’re going on a trip to the Cape in Hyannis and we’re going to be staying there, and we’re going to be staying in the beachfront, but we’re going to be staying next the Kennedys because the Kennedys have a really nice property there which they already knew about it, I guess, because they’re really big fans.
So, they get there and this girl is young like she’s like a little, this is like her memory, so she’s probably like 10 or something, maybe nine or whatever or I don’t know, younger, but she’s talking about how all of her aunts, her older relatives, all of the women all have their sunscreen on, on the back of their neck, their hands, top of their feet because that’s where the most signs of aging are kind of and also where the sun can hit your neck.  But, they’re also like, the women, older women and they kind of want to get tanned, but she was like they didn’t face the ocean or face the sun, but they face right where they could spy on the Kennedy house next door, so the old women are all just sitting there and just spying on the Kennedys because that’s what they like doing. They’re making comments kind of seeing like, “Oh, they’re taking the daughter out on a walk.” Blah, blah, blah, whatever. 
Then, the young girl goes swimming with her cousin and they’re like struggling, and two of the Kennedys come in on this really nice, I forgot the type of boat, but it was a boat that she was like, “Oh wow. Someone’s saving us.” They were really happy, and it was the Kennedys but they were young, they didn’t really make a connection that it was actually the Kennedys. So, they’re coming in on the same boat and they can see like the blobs that are their aunts and/or their older ladies there sitting on the beach. Slowly, they turn into, their family members. They recognized them and they can just see how they’re like freaking out and kind of seeing how their expression changes once they see like it’s the two cousins and they’re on the same boat as the Kennedys. So, they’re freaking out. They have this interaction. She’s talking about how her aunt or whatever is having sort of with the British accent like Audrey Hepburn. It seems they’re just all panicking and putting on this front seemed cool.
Then, later the mom is like, “You guys can’t go swimming because you drowned.” So, she’s like just sitting on the shore and they’re putting on their Coppertone sunscreen on and kicking sand and bothering her. The mother is like, “Fine. You can go in the water but only up to your knees.” They’re like, “This is super boring.” Like “Why are we here blah, blah,” but they do it. Then. They’re like, “We should have chicken fight because that would be more fun.” They play chicken fight - there’s three of them so they kind of need another person. So, her cousin’s dad, her uncle, comes in and he never really plays with them. He just kind of like doesn’t talk to them very much. He comes and puts his daughter on his shoulders and does the chicken fight. The other girl kicks him in the side of the head and his eye pops out. They all yell and they’re freaking out, and they’re like, “Oh, my gosh. I didn’t even know that you had a fake eye.”  Her aunts were freaking out too. She doesn’t know what to say. Then, she looks for the eye and she finds it, but then, she screams and she drops it again. But then, they’re like, “Hey, well, we can still find it.” So, they looked around. Her cousin finds it so they’re really happy. They’re kind of like, “Okay, that’s done.”  But then, she looks around and she teases two of the Kennedys who are sitting there. She’s like, “I know they just watched the whole story” like, “They know what happened.” So, yes, I’m done.      