A teacher, a third-grade teacher, is about to embark on the chapter and social studies about westward expansion and the Oregon Trail, and she usually infuses her lessons with a bit of reality, like playing a little game. Like for one unit, they were being written letters from stuffed animal rock bands, then they had geography to help them navigate the way through the world. The teacher decides that she is going to make the Oregon Trail very realistic and they're going to play an Oregon Trail game. Before they do that, she takes the children on a 40-block walk through Manhattan, which is about two miles, and as they’re walking, one of the children complains that they're thirsty and she said there's no water on the Oregon Trail. But she realizes that she doesn't want to get a call from the parents for withholding water, so she allows the children to drink out of a water fountain that the boy has spotted by calling it a stream. One of the children points out that they would not have had to walk the Oregon Trail because they would be allowed to ride in the wagon, being a child, and the teacher points out this is not actually true because the wagons were reserved for supplies and if someone got injured or if there was a piano. Before they start the Oregon Trail game, she prints out names of actual people that have died on the Oregon Trail because she wanted to make it as realistic as possible. She tells the class that they're going to they're going to pick a name and they get to keep their first name but they'll just have the last name from one of those settlers, and that everyday she's going to give them a scenario. Then she wanted to do mash-up between the Oregon Trail game and Dungeons & Dragons, so she would give them a scenario, but after having written out the possibilities of how that scenario could result, they would roll a dice to see what the outcome of their choices would be that they had chosen to make. One of the children who is now called Alex Bacon - that’s his chosen name – asks if the game is dangerous and she says that it is. It is a game of danger. The children were very excited about the game being dangerous. As they were doing this and everything, she has a bonnet that she has sewn out of old upholstery fabric that she puts on to sort of set the mood, and they come upon a snake oil salesman. The children are given a choice in whether or not to buy elixir from him that will make them stronger and faster to get to Oregon City faster, but the children don't really know what a snake oil salesman is, so they don't hear this is a con man. So, all of the children chose to buy the elixir. The outcome of that decision is that they lose a day of travel because they spend the day throwing up from this elixir that they bought. The children are not even upset about that. They think it's exciting that they spent a whole day throwing up, and there's another choice where they have to decide whether or not they want to pay a ferryman to take the wagon across the river if they want to forward it themselves. Finally, the children keep asking if there were going to be danger, is somebody going to die today, so the teacher decides to give them a brush with death and she draws - she rolls the die that corresponds to the children's names and she lands on this girl, Katie Chubbuck. The scenario that has been chosen for Katie is that her wagon overturns and she is trapped beneath it. Katie has roll to find out what her fate is. Her fate is her leg got infected and then the infection gets worse. At this point, the teacher is feeling really bad for actually turning the game this dark, but the children are enthralled and there's - finally, a little girl from the back of the class who bursts out and says, “Wait, I’m a doctor.” That is her role in the game; she's a doctor. Katie was a farmer. She runs to the front of the classroom and says, “I can fix her leg.” The teacher gives Katie the die and she tells her, “You roll. The only way that you die is if you roll six.” Katie does the good shake and then the kids in the class tell her to shake it again just to be sure. She rolls and it was a three, and so she gets better, everything's good and the teacher’s emotionally exhausted even though the children are very much into this. The teacher decides that the next day, what's going to happen is they're going to hear rustling in the bushes, and they do and the children says they’re wild animals because they’re hoping for danger. The teacher’s over the danger, so she says, “No, it’s actually the baby animal has got a broken leg. We’re going to adopt it and take it to Oregon City with us.” They rolled the die to find out what kind of baby animal it is, either a bunny or a fox or a wolf. Turned out it’s a baby wolf and they take it with them all the way to Oregon. The teacher at this point wants to speed up through the Rockies or the rest of the Oregon Trail because she's over this game that's just emotionally draining her. They get to Oregon with no problem with their baby wolf and they do their home setting, their budgeting, and they had a dance party to September by Earth, Wind, and Fire, and then everybody has a great time playing this Oregon Trail game. Years later, she was walking around the city, she runs into Katie Chubbuck that she recognized immediately. She's just grown a bit taller and Katie greets her, and the first thing that she says is, “Remember the time that I almost died in the Oregon Trail?” I'm done. 