Okay. So, this was actually a pretty funny story. So, it was this teacher, this third-grade teacher who, she is not like an ordinary teacher, if you will. She’s more so a fun teacher or - at least she likes to describe. She doesn’t like teaching in, I guess, the conventional way. She likes teaching in a way that engages her students, especially since they’re nine-year-olds. So, in the past, she’s done - in order to learn the states, they had to rescue these teddy bears. They were a Little Rock star band or something like that. The kids loved it, but now, she had to get to the point where she had to teach the kids about the Oregon Trail. So, obviously, it’s a very dense topic for nine-year-olds to understand. So, she instead wanted to make it a lot more fun so she made it into a game. The game that she made was inspired by Dungeons & Dragons, where your options, you choose by – well, not choose, but are randomly chosen by like rolling dice. Also, there’s this game, I guess, called The Oregon Trail. So, she also mimicked that. Like the Oregon Trail, they had to walk for many a many a miles. So, she decided that one of the first days, she was going to actually make the kids walk two miles, which I think it ended up being like 40 blocks or something like that on the West Side Highway. She was talking about how that’s a lot for nine-year-olds, not something that they’re very used to doing. A two-mile walk is nothing much for an adult, but for kids, it’s like, “This is forever. This is a lot.” So, it mimicked the sense of tiredness that you might have gotten if you were walking all that way, but she wanted to keep it pretty, pretty real, but she was very, very concerned about what parents might say. So, there’s this kid that wanted water, for example, and obviously, if you were on the Oregon Trail, there was no water fountains. He was like, “There’s a water fountain right there,” and she had to come up with a way to be like, “Oh, there is water. There’s a stream and you got lucky,” so that she would avoid parents calls. Anyways, when it came to class time, she told them that the Oregon Trail was going to be like a very dangerous thing. Obviously, like people that did the Oregon Trail, a lot of them died, but she’s not going to make her kids die  in the Oregon Trail. The excitement of maybe somebody would die was really rattling up the kids. So, she kind of played into that. All of her kids had old timey names, if you will. So, they would keep their first name, but then, they would have a last name of somebody who, I guess, died on the Oregon Trail or somebody - like a last name that was like for the time of the Oregon Trail. They also had to pick their occupations. They were all pioneers, but they had to pick their occupation. A lot of the girls wanted to be pop stars. She had to break it to them, “There’s no pop stars at this time.” So, there were some hunters, there were some explorers, and there were doctors.
So then, there was actually a really funny part that I forgot to mention beforehand, but there’s this girl named Alex Bacon or Alexander Bacon, that turned to the teacher and was like, “Oh, if I were in the Oregon Trail, I would be in the wagon. I wouldn’t be walking.” She was like, “No, you wouldn’t. Kids actually were walking and only elderly or people that were sick or pregnant or whatever were in the wagons.” Anyways, so then, throughout the days that they were doing it, there was always that excitement of maybe somebody would die today. One day, the teacher actually made that a possibility and gave every kid a number. Then she would roll the dice and it happened to be this girl named Catherine, or in the story or in the simulation, if you will, was named Catherine. Basically, her legs got stuck underneath the wagon, and then she ended up getting out of the wagon, but her legs got infectious and she was really scared. She’s like, “Oh my God. One of my kids is actually going to die. If her parents call, it’s going to be like fucking terrifying.”  Instead, there was a girl in the back that was like, “I’m a doctor,” and was able to, I guess, free the teacher of her worries and also just step up to the plate and cure this kid. Anyways, after that, she was like, “Okay. No more danger,” but the kids are like, “We’re really, we’re running on danger.” So, yes.
So basically, they ended up making it there. She’d said a funny part where she was trying to rile up danger where there was like wild animals in the background. The kids were like, “Are they like wild? Are they dangerous?” and she was like, “No, they’re actually baby animals. We’re going to adopt them and carry them for the rest of the trail.” So, she, I guess, got really scared of the almost death, and they ended up making it to Oregon City, and everything was well. They did it really, really fast. Apparently, she made the joke of like Amazon expedited the shipping. Then she actually bumped into one of the kids, the girl that almost died, Catherine, a few years later. She was in ninth grade now. She was like, “Do you remember? I almost died on the Oregon Trail.” Then she was like, “Yes, I do remember, but it was funny.” Yes, I’m done.