A female begins to tell his story. She recalls. It's not clear exactly if this is a literal or maybe a figurative story. I mean she's in a stand-up comedy, maybe a comedy club environment. So, it is possible this entire thing was delivered for entertainment value. It's also possible that it’s a true recollection of a past experience. The story begins with the female recollecting. She says that when she was a third-grade teacher – I believe the teacher’s name is Emily or Emma, but she recounts an experience where I guess teaching third graders about history or language arts, some sort of a geographical historic lesson. She mentions the Oregon Trail early on. It was my interpretation that she always made this reference, or she always used the reference to Oregon Trail in reference to a PC game. However, this was not explicitly made clear until later on, but for now, she simply refers to it as the Oregon Trail lesson plan or the Oregon Trail teaching lesson. She indicates that she put a twist on the initial game roles. She applied Dungeons & – or the dice-rolling aspect of Dungeons & Dragons in order to determine the outcome or to determine your fate or to decide on the path of the game. The teacher took the role of dungeon master. In this case, I believe it was Mary, some sort of a guide, trail guide. She indicated that her uniform was visible and by way of a bonnet, some sort of a head garment that she wore to indicate that she was in character. Let’s see. She made several efforts to emphasize the seriousness and the - I want to say veracity, but the amount of effort that herself and her students put towards the game in order to experience just the full effect or to gain the most out of the teaching lesson as possible. She mentions that – I don’t know if it’s the first day or the second day - that they went on a 40-block hike, which equates to about two and a half miles. She indicates one of the students here asked or makes a comment about to having the thirst and points out a drinking fountain. Her response was initially that the drinking fountain is like a representation of – it was covering a stream if you were actually out on the trails. I think she makes note at the next lesson or the next incantation of the activity as she wanted to trick the students or introduce them to the concept of a snake salesman. The snake salesman offers to sell an elixir. The elixir promises the potential to allow them to get across I think the stream faster or to continue on their wayward to a faster pace than at their current speed. She makes note that, of course, children aren’t familiar with the concept of the snake oil salesman. So, their fate was essentially – it was a moot. It was foregone conclusion that they were going to get scammed out of any investment they made in the elixir. Ultimately, the students did choose to give in to the enticements of the snake oil salesman. She equated it to children having the same view of taxes and that sort of having awareness but a lack of a tangible grasp on exactly what the concept is. She said, “I guess the children kind of developed a growing taste for the dangers.” The teacher attempted to portray increasing danger. I don't know if that was the intention, but to kind of grasp them, but the kids, they ended up I guess clinging to the kind of imagined danger that was relived through the game. Eventually, I don’t know, there was some sort of an animal that they encountered or she wanted to deviate I guess from the intended narration or intended plot point. So, she reacted by introducing some sort of a pet for the clan. They rolled. I believe they ended up with a three and they’ve obtained a wolf. Let’s see. I think one of the students, the character was supposedly fallen ill or fallen potential for ill. One of the students reacted by stating that their character was a doctor. The outcome, they roll the dice in order to prevent death was anything but a six. So, there was one-sixth chance dying, a five-sixth chance of survival. The survival outcome ended up occurring. So, the roll was not a six. There was one particular student. I believe his name was Alexander Bacon. The Bacon, possibly not the literal last name, possibly a pseudonym for the character but I believe Alexander was the - chosen students have actual Christian name. He seemed very participatory. He seemed into the game. Sometimes, maybe not as a – I mean, there were times I guess he could’ve participated in a more constructive manner, but he seemed to be the focus of the – I mean, as far as the example goes, that she provided as the most active student. Let’s see. One of the students, I guess, I don’t know, maybe on the initial 40-block walk when they made a comment that they were tired and that if this was actually the trail, they would just ride in the wagon. The teacher responded by saying that the wagon was, like I said, dedicated or reserved for carrying either a wounded, the sick, or supplies and that children never rode the cart. Later, she made note that – I guess she ran into one of the students on a later date. I believe it was Becky or whichever student came forward with the proposal that her character was a doctor and made way to save the character previously by not rolling a six. She indicated that the student was now in the ninth grade, which would you put it six years past the initial time of gameplay. She said their appearances were largely similar to what they've been in the third grade, just larger stretched out form of the memory of the past person, the body. They look the same as they did prior, just larger at this point. Six years had passed. It was not clear whether she was still a teacher or she was pursuing this comic avenue as a new career path. That wasn’t exactly explained, but she mentioned that the conversation on first - I guess identifying herself to Becky when they first ran into each other. The student - I'm not sure exactly who asked, but essentially, the question was, “Do you remember the day we almost died in Oregon Trail?” or something to that effect where it was an inside gesture, an inside comment to indicate that the reference to the game. So, the last thing or the experience lasted in the memory of that student for at least six years down the line. Let’s see. I believe [Pause] that is all I can recall at this point, as far as I can tell at this moment. So, 