The story begins with a Fordham University journalist and he’s going up to the dean to originally talk about how the dean wants to include essentially more rich kids in the school. So, he’s raising the tuition intensely. So, the journalist is trying to talk to the dean. The dean called him a punk and in this instance that the dean calls the journalist a punk, some random kid comes up with a pie, slams the pie in the dean’s face, then leaves. The dean says, “Fuck you,” to the journalist because the journalist asked him if he has any comment and the guy goes back to the newsroom. He talks to the guy in charge of the paper, talks about what he just saw. The guy calls the dean a dick. The journalist proceeds to write the story with embellishments saying that the kid wore a cape and he said something in Latin and he clicked his heels. It was funny little embellishments. Then, the story gets published. Once the story was published, the guy gets a letter from Pie Man saying, “If you want to see me again do my little thing, this is where I’m going to be.” Now, because of what the journalist said, he looked like Pie Man, proceeds to wear a cape and he also targets the girl who campaigned for no more drinking at barbecues on campus, no outside drinking, no beers for the barbecue. So, she gets pied. I’m assuming the bar scene is at least a few days later or something because now the journalist is at the bar and he is seeing the girl he had a crush on. In an instant, she’s asking him if he’s Pie Man. He has an internal struggle of, “Do I tell the truth or do I get laid?” and he chooses to get laid by saying that he is Pie Man even though he is not. I don’t know what else to say. The journalist is Catholic. This is for a university. The guy in charge of the newspaper is big and burly. The girl that he sees at the bar is named Angela. He has been flirting at her for two months. The second person to be pied was the student body president. There was a rumor that she was sleeping with the dean. I don’t know what else to say. I also think that the button is not actually turning green or yellow.  [Pause] The board doesn’t work.