All right. A guy named Joe is opening up a letter and his sister is really eager to find out what’s in the letter. Joe is nondescript about it, doesn’t make any hints as to what it is. I think the sister was concerned that it might be about the dad’s job or something to that effect. Then Joe says no, it’s about him earning money playing baseball. Then he eventually reveals that he is going to potentially get more money playing baseball, and I think the sister is confused because she’s like, “Well, how would you earn more money? Because your team is the best in the league at the moment.” He says basically because it’s – he’s just a really great pitcher and he’s strong, and he starts to throw like a pretend pitch. When he does that, I think his mom walks in the room with a pitcher of water and she’s going to water the plants by the window and he hits the pot, pot falls on the ground, breaks open, gets water all over the carpet. Apparently, that’s going to ruin the carpet, but it’s okay because this is not the expensive pitcher, and then she just wants to know why he was pitching, and then he says, “Well, I would make more money now.” Then he reveals that he is going to potentially be playing for a major league team, the Cardinals, and they think this is great, but why would he want to go away from their local team to go play for this other team, and Joe explains to them how it’s a major league team, and while it’s not the best team there, it’s a good starting point because they’ll give him more money - he's very focused about the money - and then maybe he could work his way up to a better team. Well, they all think this is great, but there’s another letter that he hasn’t opened yet and they’re like, “Well, what’s in this other letter?” Then he, again, doesn’t really get to the point too quickly. He says, “Oh, it’s just from one of my admirers,” but then after some coercing, he agrees to open it. 
He opens the second letter. The second letter is from some of his friends. I guess one of them is a female that he might be attracted to. They write him a letter saying, “Hey, we’re going to be in town. We got some business to do there and we’ll be there and maybe we’ll catch up.” They all think this is great. He looks at the letter and like, “Oh, I guess that’s today. I guess they’re coming in on the train today.” Joe gets all excited. He puts these letters in his pocket and he’s like, “Hey, I’m going to go down to the station for when they get in,” and he asks his sister if she wants to go but, apparently, it’s snowing pretty good outside, so she doesn’t want to go. She’s like, “No, I should just stay in because it’s a rough storm.” He’s like, “All right. I’ll go do it.” 
He puts the letters in his pocket, starts heading down the train. On his way there, he’s thinking about how great this is that he is going to be playing for the St. Louis team. He gets to the train station and he expects there might be a delay just because of the snow, so he asks the attendant there, he’s like, “Hey, when are these trains coming in?” Train conductor says, “Well, they’re delayed but if you come back a little bit later, I’ll know a little bit more. I’ll be able to tell you what’s happening with these trains.” 
So then, Joe comes back after some time has passed and he learns that the trains are still delayed, so he goes like, “Well, this is really bad. Was there a crash?” He starts to get worried that maybe there is a train crash and his friends that were on this train might be hurt. The station attendant says like, “Well, no. The train hasn’t crashed but something just as bad has happened as this train is stuck in the snow and it’s not going anywhere.” It’s stuck in this mountain pass five miles south of there. So then, Joe goes, “Oh, man. I don’t want my friends to be stuck there in the snow and not able to move.” So then, he starts to think, “Well, maybe I can do something to help them out.” Then at that point, the story concludes. 