So, the story is about a student who is actually working for the school newspaper of Fordham University which is pretty close to New York and the newspaper is called The Ram. So, the student, he’s walking around the campus and it’s pretty well-known that Fordham has mostly students who are of lower class and they all work part-time jobs while they’re in the school to help pay if off. Recently, the dean had instituted a policy where he’s pretty much trying to get more students who are better off, more well-off and trying to change the core student base from people who are in lower middle class or people who have to work to get through school, to people who are generally of higher education and of more well-bred. So, he’s out looking for a scoop and he actually sees the dean walking out of a building, and he walks up to the dean and just asks him a very literate question, very professional, and out of nowhere, there comes this man flying towards them. He’s just running, sprinting as fast as he can and in his hand, he has a cream pie. In a matter of seconds, I went from a journalist - this is from the narrator’s perspective, he became from a journalist asking the dean a question about his new policy, to the man standing next to another man who was smooshing a cream pie into the dean’s face. Because he was on the story of The Ram, obviously, he ran back and talked to the main editor who’s a big, what a guy who ended up winning a Pulitzer Prize. He said, “Let me tell you about this amazing story. Pie Man, capital P, capital M.” He described Pie Man as this caped hero in costume, and as he was running away, Pie Man screams some Latin, because this journalist man was Catholic and Latin came easy to him, and the first word was “Ergo.” As he was running away, he was screaming out this Latin catchphrase.
Obviously, the story was an absolute hit. Actually, he brought it back to the editor, and the editor was like, “Print that. Print it.” It became an absolute hit. It’s very popular. In the mail, Jim, the narrator, he actually got a letter from Pie Man saying, “Great story, Jim. I really liked what you did. If you’re interested in seeing me in action once again, you can catch me on the steps of the library.” I believe on Wednesday at 2:00 PM. So, obviously, Jim went there on Wednesday at 2:00 PM and he was ready. He sees walking out of the library the student body president, Angela. Angela, a very well-bred woman, she was very refined. I think she came up from higher upbringing and she was at Fordham, and Pie Man, he comes from the book drop-off section of the library comes flying out, makes his delivery and runs away screaming his Latin catchphrase. Ergo something, something. At least, that’s how Jim wrote it. I don’t think he actually did it, but yes. 
So, throughout the rest of next couple of weeks or next couple of months, Pie Man made five more – or three more appearances. So, The Ram newspaper ended up writing about Pie Man for five total times and all of them did well. As Pie Man became more and more of an icon, he became very popular on campus, and he started quoted. People talked about him in class. People started quoting his catchphrase. Obviously, Jim, the writer started getting a lot of clout and he became very popular for this. One day, he was at a bar and he saw this girl, Angela or not Angela, wait, maybe Angela, he saw this girl, I think the girl’s name was Angela, that was in one of his classes and he thought he was flirting with her, but it also went to the point that she didn’t know him at all. So, he made a mental note to not talk to her because, obviously, he can’t talk to her, and so he went to the bar and ordered a drink. As he’s at the bar ordering a drink, Angela tapped his shoulder and asked him, “Hey, Jim, how do you always know where Pie Man is?” She said she and her friends have been having a discussion thinking about maybe he is Pie Man. So, obviously, Jim thought, “Yes. There is no way I’m Pie Man.” Because it was a straightforward question with a straightforward answer, but he also was thinking, “I am the one who brought Pie Man into existence. If I didn’t write about him, no one would know.” So, too straightforward answer with a straightforward question about who Pie Man was, he’s had this feeling that if he said yes, she would have sex with him. So, he said, “Yes. I am Pie Man.” So, Angela said, “Why don’t you buy me a drink and tell me all about it?” So, he did. I’m done.      