Okay. So, the story starts with a teacher, an elementary school teacher, who is teaching nine-year-old students about the Oregon Trail. Normally, she designs games for her students to play because she thinks that this is a good way to interact with her students because they're young and they don't fully – they’re not smart enough to understand philosophical things. So, the best way she can get them to engage is through a hands-on more - I guess that kind of thing. So, she designs this game for the Oregon Trail and there's a student named Alex who she thinks is a smart ass and she doesn’t really like him that much, but anyway. She takes all the kids on this walk that’s 40 blocks long to simulate how long and far the Oregon Trail is. The kid, Alex, he’s like, “Oh, but if I was in on this trip, I would be in the wagon. I wouldn't be walking.” She's like, “No, that's only sick people and supplies on the wagon. Everyone else had to walk.” So, they keep walking and then this kid’s like, “Oh, can I get water?” and she's like, “No,” she’s saying it to herself, “They didn't really have water on the Oregon Trail, but I don't want to have like a big issue with parents,” so she’s like, “Okay, you can just go get water, whatever. We found a stream.” And so, yada, yada, yada, they get back to class, and when they're at class, she has just basically Dungeons & Dragons style game mixed with the Oregon Trail game. So, it's designed where they roll dice, and basically, things happen along the way, and yes, the whole goal is to get from the East Coast to Oregon. So, they start playing the game. Well, first, she maps out all of these different options of what can happen. There could be wild animals, they could run out of food whatever, and she tells the kids like, “You know, this is a dangerous game. Someone could die.” She also gives all the kids names, or they can use their first name, but they have to take the last name of someone that actually was on the Oregon Trail who potentially died, just like realism. Everyone has their names now and they go on this journey, and everything is just going to be somebody. They're all making their way rolling dice, playing the game, and they run into a snake oil salesman who’s like, “Oh, I can give you a potion to go faster or whatever, make it there faster,” and because all the kids don't know what a snake oil salesman is, they’re like, “Okay, cool.” So, they decide to roll and buy the potion, but then it makes them throw up and they’re all sick. For a bunch of nine-year-olds, this is a really crazy game, a game where they throw up in class where they could potentially die. She’s like, “Wow, I’m actually getting all these students to come to social studies and be engaged and enjoy it.” It’s just a really good thing for her. So, she continues this game with her students. They make their way through the Rockies, and at one point this day, the wagon tips over and someone gets trapped under. They roll to find out who it is, and it's this girl, this little girl, and then she makes her come up and roll to see, “Are you going to be rescued or you’re not going to be rescued?” Keep in mind that they think that someone could die. So, all the kids are very engaged in the story because they think someone could die. So, she rolls the dice. She gets rescued from under the wagon and everyone's really happy. Then she rolls the dice again to see if she's going to get an infection, and she does get infection. She rolls again, and the infection gets worse. Then she's like, she didn't plan out like what would happen at this point, and so she was like, “Damn this is kind of tough. I don't want to traumatize this kid and have them die in this game,” and so in that moment, she's unsure what to do, but then this kid from back who was assigned to be a doctor is like, “I’m a doctor. I can help.” Then she has her come and then in the game, she rolls the dice like, “If you were a six, you’ll die, but if you roll anything else, you’ll survive. The girl rolls a three, and she lives, and she's saying all the kids in the class were super happy. They're throwing things up there. After that, they keep going. They have another danger moment, and it's going to be wild animals, but the guy who she thinks is a smart-ass, says, “Oh, is it going to be wild animals?” So, she changes it in the middle like, “No, it's actually going to be a nice animal that you need to adopt and take with you.” So, they roll dice, and it ends up being a baby wolf, and so they adopt the wolf. Then the rest of the trip goes smoothly, and they make it to Oregon. She says at the end, they started a town, they did a bunch of budgeting, and they make cornbread and had a dance party to celebrate their journey across the Oregon Trail. Then she's reflecting upon this experience many years later, and she ran into the same girl that almost died on the Oregon Trail who is now in ninth grade. It was just a very sweet moment, and I think the story was good. That's what I remember. I'm done.