So, basically, this lady is recalling a story from when she was a child where her family that had a big obsession with the Kennedys went to this place where the Kennedys lived nearby. They went to the beach with her whole family and they like to play in the ocean. She recalled how all their aunts, uncles, and parents, whatever were got all dressed up to go to the beach. They weren't turning your chairs towards the sun to tan or towards the ocean, but they turned their chairs toward the Kennedys’ house to spy on them, and blah, blah, blah. Now, they would see some of the Kennedys and they would all gossip about them and write out a whole family tree in the sand. When they saw someone that they didn't recognize, they would write out a whole family tree in sand and then figure it out. They were playing in the water, the children were playing in the water. I guess you know they got a little too far out and they found this like little plastic boat. They went inside but none of the parents saw them because they were too busy watching the Kennedys. Now, all of a sudden, a motorized boat comes with two of the Kennedy boys. I guess they noticed that they were in trouble so they picked them up and then brought them back. They're really far out because she said that their family looks like pebbles. So, as they got closer, their family members started getting bigger and bigger. Then they finally got back and the parents noticed that it was two of the Kennedy boys that had saved them. They were so embarrassed. Normally, they would scold them and go crazy on them but since it was in front of the Kennedys, they weren't able to. She recalled how when her and her cousins would get in trouble, the parents would always say like, “Blah blah blah. You're in trouble.” They would say their name and what road they lived on and their address. Then there was another aunt that used to say nice things but in a scary tone. That’s pretty much it from what I remember. Nothing that crazy. It wasn’t really a memorable story because I don't really have interest in the Kennedys, to be honest, but it's pretty cool seeing a - hearing a story about a past president’s family. Yes. That’s pretty much it. 