All right. So, the narrator is a Fordham student who was a journalism major, I believe and he opened a story with something I don’t remember but he ends up seeing the dean and he goes up to him to interview him about a tuition issue. The dean is very uninterested and short with him. The student comes by as a blur in the peripheral of his vision. As he comes closer, he sees he’s holding a cream pie and he pies the dean and runs off and the narrator asked the dean, do you have a comment on the recent attack? The dean goes, yes, write this down. I do have a comment, “Fuck you.” The student runs off back to the newsroom and he goes up to the senior – a Fordham senior named Jim Dwyer and it’s like, “Oh, I have a story,” shows him his notes and he’s like, “Oh, yes, the dean is a dick. Write the story.” So, he writes the story and the narrator goes into this idea of the journalist have where they embellish which is called making shit up and he adds that the student had a name, pie man, he’s wearing a cape and a mask and after he pied the dean, he ran off saying a Latin phrase that meant like, “I’m no animal” which he just made up because he said that Latin comes easy to him as a Catholic. When he brings the story back to Dwyer, he’s like, “This is great. I’m going to put you on page one.” So, pie man goes viral and the campus is buzzing about it and he gets a letter from pie man saying that, “If you want to see more of me, be on these steps” at a certain time. So, he goes and the student body president, Sheila something is there and he talks about how Fordham students tend to be like in flannels and work part time and now Sheila was more of like a school spirit, like part of her school, like involved kind of person. Then he gets into a rumor about how she may or may not be sleeping with the dean, and that the dean would prefer more students to be like her, but there’s a rumor that shouldn’t leave this room. I think pie man was there but I don’t exactly remember that part of the story. Then from there, there are five more giant articles written about pie man all written by the narrator and he ends up at a bar where he walks in and he sees this girl Angela that he’s been flirting with for two months but she is unsure even though he exists. So, he makes a mental note to do nothing about the fact that she’s there. He goes up to the bar and feels a tap on his shoulder and it’s Angela and Angela asked him if he is pie man and he has his mental debate of like, “Well, no, I’m not actually pie man, but I am the person who wrote him into existence. I created the embellishments. There would be no knowledge of pie man without me.” But he comes to the conclusion and the answer is no, but he answers Angela, “Yes, I am pie man.” She says, “Oh, good. If that’s the case, buy me a beer and tell me all about it.” Yes, that’s it.  