So, the person was in Fordham University, and there was going to be a talk by their new dean. This person didn’t really like this dean because he was going to turn the Fordham student population from middle-income families to higher income families, and not a lot of students would afford it anymore. Because they were going to raise the tuition well above the inflation rate. Then this dean was going to host a talk in the school, and the guy decided to ask a question. He asked why they raised the tuition and leave the lower income students behind. Then, as the dean was about to answer the question, another student had a cream pie and smashed it on the dean’s face. So, the guy asked a follow-up question and said, “Well, dean, what do you have to say in response to that?” Then the dean got mad and was just like, “What the hell?” Then the guy was going to write the story for his school newspaper. Instead of telling the story like it was, he embellished it and said that the person who pied the dean was a hero named “Pie Man,” who wore a cape and said a catchphrase in Latin that meant like I am not an animal, or something like that, which didn’t really make sense. So, the newspaper goes out. Then in response to this, there was going to be another event and the president of the school was going to be there. He was like the kind of student that the dean wanted Fordham to start admitting like more higher income. I forgot what he did, but he did something. Then the guy reported it in the newspaper as like Pie Man saying his catchphrase and like fighting for the lower income students. Then, oh, because, sorry, I forgot. The event was for the new rule the dean was going to implement where the students can no longer drink alcohol off campus in bars and stuff. Then, yes, and the president was for that. Then the guy saw the girl that he had a crush on in a bar. She was asking him like, “Hey. How come you always know exactly when and where Pie Man is?” From that moment, the guy already knew she was going to ask him if he was Pie Man. He thought if he said yes, then she would give him a chance. So, he said, “Yes,” he was Pie Man because he justified it by saying he created Pie Man anyway, so it’s not really a lie. Then she was like, “Oh, I knew it,” and then that’s it. 