Okay. So, the story was about this man that was in journalism. He attended Fordham University, and he was working for the Ram Newspaper. He said that one of the, well, one of the first, and when he spoke about how there was the dean who was an asshole. He said that he saw him one day, and he went up to him and wanted to ask him about news that spread about tuition, I believe, going up. As he asked him, a person appeared and pied the dean in the face. So, there was cream all over his face. After that happened, he proceeded to ask the dean if he would like to comment on what just happened. The dean said, “F you,” to someone. I don’t remember who might have been the person who had pied him. So then, he ran back to the place that produces the news for Fordham University, the place he was working with, the Ram something. Oh, I think it might have been the Ram News. He went to, I guess the head person and told him about it. Then the person he told about it said, “Yes. The dean is an asshole. So, let’s write it, write a paper about what just happened.” So then, the man proceeded to write a story about it, but he said he decided to add some stuff, even though it may not have been the whole truth. So, he added many things. He described the person who pied him and said he had a cape, and all of that. One of the main parts he did was that after the man pies the dean, he said in Latin, “I am not an animal or beast,” or something like that. Anyways, it got published on the first page of the news and he was happy about that. Then he got a message from the actual Pie Man that told him that it was a good story and that he should meet him by the steps somewhere. So then, the man did, and this time it was with the dean and some lady that apparently, there was drama about it or speculation that they were together, or they had some type of relationship, but he said not to share it outside of the room he was telling it in. Anyway, so that happened and then the Pie Man actually did appear and he pied the lady. He pied someone again. Then after that, he published another story, and eventually, I believe he said he had five first page publishers on the Ram News. Then one day, he went to the bar or some place to drink, and he saw a girl that he liked named Angie. He made a mental note that he won’t purposely seek her out, or I guess pay her attention. So, eventually, he turned around and did what he was doing, I believe, drinking. Eventually, he felt a tap on his shoulder and it was actually Angie, the girl, that he liked for a while. He was wondering if she had ever noticed him at all, but clearly, she did. Then she asked him after tapping him on the shoulder, how he was able to always know where the Pie Man was. Then I’m not sure if she asked him or, well, she asked him if he’s the Pie Man. He knew in that moment that if he told her he was, that she would have sex with him. So then, he lied and said that he was the Pie Man. Then she said, “Buy me be a beer and we can - and tell me all about it.” And that was that. 