So, the story is about a journalist who, from back when he was in college, went to Fordham in the Bronx. He was trying to get a statement from the dean. I don’t remember if it was the dean of Fordham or a dean of a specific school in Fordham, probably the actual dean, trying to get a statement about why they were raising the tuition, which wouldn’t be good for a lot of the students since a lot of the students are on financial aid or can’t really afford tuition. The dean was about to tell him something real snarky, because he said something, “punk,” or whatever, and then this guy came up and pied the dean in the face with a cream pie and then ran off. Then, the journalist, the guy telling the story, said, “Do you have a statement about what just happened?” and the dean told him to F off. Then, when the journalist went to go tell the senior editor about what happened, he was like, “Okay, cool. Write it up.” So, he wrote it up and he embellished a lot. He made a lot of stuff up because that’s what journalism is, you got to get the story. He published it and it ended up on the front page of the newspaper, journal, or whatever. Then, it ended up being a big hit. Obviously, there was a lot of different things added, like one thing that the Pie Man says - has a catchphrase in Latin, it's like “I am not an animal” or something like that, something in Latin that I can’t remember because I don’t speak Latin. Then, the next day, Pie Man sent the journalist a letter. It was like, “Hey, dude. Cool story. If you want another one, I’ll be at this time, this place. Meet me there tomorrow.” So ,he met him there, was talking to someone, I forgot who, and then they got pied by the Pie Man again. Pie Man ran off, same thing, journalist wrote a story, it was like, “Another pie incident, blah, blah, blah, blah.” Then, it basically became a big hit. Everyone in the school was talking about the Pie Man and was saying the catchphrase and everything. It was crazy. The journalist had this crush on this girl who he didn’t know if she knew him or not or anything. One day, in the dining hall or something like that, I can’t remember, one day in the dining hall, she came up to him, it was like, “Oh, I think it’s so weird and coincidental that you always know where Pie Man is. It’s crazy. Blah, blah, blah, blah.” Then, she eventually asked him, “Are you Pie Man?” Also, I can’t remember if the name was actually Pie Man. I don’t know how I forgot that. I’m pretty sure it was Pie Man. She was like, “Are you Pie Man?” and I think, to impress her, because he really liked her, he’s been liking her for two months at that point, he said, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then, she was like, “Oh, cool. Now, buy me a drink.” Then, I assume that they lived happily ever after, after that. I’m done. 