Okay. So, there was this guy in journalism, he was in the Bronx and he went to Fordham University and he was part of the newspaper. I think he sees the dean. I think the dean comes in – no. He sees the dean and he goes up to the dean and asks about the inflation of something, and then someone says something about “punk” and then someone smashes the dean’s face with a cream pie. I don’t know, cream pie, a regular cream pie. I don’t know. It sounded like a cream pie. And then, he starts to write - wait. No, wait. Yes. Then he asked the dean to comment on it or something. He paused for a few seconds and then he asked the dean to comment on it. The dean, I think he said something like, “Fee fie fo pie.” Something like that. It was something like that. I don’t know the exact words, but it was something like that. So, he goes back to his little newspaper thingy and then  – then, he has the senior person, who I think is as in charge of the newspaper, and he tells them about some – about what happened with the dean and everything, and if he should write a story about it and – so he starts to write a story about the dean, and then he decided to call him Pie Man, and I think he put in the phrase of the “fee fie…” - that phrase. He put in that phrase and then – and then I think – I think when he was done, he showed it to the senior person, and then the senior person said first page, I think. Maybe it’s later. I don’t know. Anyway. Then, he run away. He got an email that says, “Meet me at this location,” and then signs Pie Man. And then – let me think. And then, he goes to meet the pie man and apparently, he sees this girl. I think she’s a senior. Her name is Shiela. He sees the girl named Shiela, and I think she’s working with the dean to stop drinking on campus or like she’s supposed to ban drinking, I think, yes. She’s working with the dean to ban it on campus, and apparently, something’s going on between them. But then, I remember the comedian saying, “Oh, but I would never say that.” But he did say that. So, I don’t know where he heard it from, but yes. Let’s see. Oh, yes. And then the dean starts coming up to him. Oh, dang, I forgot about this whole interaction. The dean starts  – dang it. Anyways. He goes back to his newspaper thingy and he writes, I think, about five major stories about Pie Man and the dean, and he included his phrases in all of them, and he knows where the Pie Man’s going to strike because of the emails. And then later – and then later, he was at this bar, I think, and he saw a girl that he said he was flirting with but like he was only flirting with her and she didn’t know that he existed or anything. So he was flirting with her and she wasn’t flirting with him. She might just have been talking with him. We don’t know that. But yes, that’s probably what happened. She was over there with her friends and everything, and he was all sad and lonely. Well, maybe not sad, but he was definitely lonely. He went over here and then all of a sudden, he felt a tap on his shoulder - yes, he felt a tap on his shoulder and then he turns around, and it’s the girl and he didn’t know that he knew that he existed. So yes. She was saying, “You always know where the pie man is going to strike next.” And then she takes a few seconds and then goes like, “Are you pie man?” And then he takes a few seconds to think about it and then he goes like, “Well, if I tell her that, she’s going to sleep with me.” Or whatever I’d say, I think that’s what he said. Anyway, I think he claims that he is pie man and then I think she buys him a beer or something and then I think that’s it. Okay. I’m done. 