Okay. So, the narrator began their illustrious career in the Bronx at Fordham University as a journalist for The Ram, the college newspaper. He was writing a story about the dean’s decision to target more upper class students as opposed to the people who would traditionally go in there, who has tended to be less wealthy. One day, he was approaching the dean at – to question – with a notebook in his hand to question him about his decision, but before the dean was able to answer him, the reporter, who’s the narrator, see a little blur at the side of - the corner of their eye, and that blur became pie, like a cream pie, which was slammed onto the head of the dean. The reporter then asked the dean if they would like to come in on the pie incident that had just happened, the dean said, “Yes, fuck you.” And then left. The narrator, who's the reporter, went back to The Ram headquarters. They started writing this story, and they crossed the line of journalistic integrity by writing - by embellishing. They called the attacker, Pie Man, with a capital P and a capital M. They said that he had a catchphrase in Latin. I don't know what they catchphrase is in Latin or English. I know that he was speaking to a sort of eccentric friend about this, who also worked at The Ram, who would later win a Pulitzer Prize. At another time, I think it was the next day, he was to interview a girl called Shiela. Shiela was described as well-bred, the kind of student that the dean was trying to attract to the school, which the reporter felt would sort of bring in the element of inflation which would be damaging to the students who are already there. Shiela was rumored to be a regular at the dean's office on his desk, but if anyone - but the report didn't want to imply that himself and urged the readers to not spread this information, what could be misinformation. Shiela wanted to pass a rule to ban outdoor drinking on campus because – it’s like no beers and barbecues. Right? He was interviewing him about this with his notebook but Pie Man ran through, the cape-less crusader, and smashed a pie in her face. So, the reporter went back to the base, he was talking to his eccentric friend, he writes another article. Backtrack. The Pie Man - yes, he writes another article, and in the article, he elaborates, he sort of embellishes it. Again, he crosses that journalistic line. And then, I guess at another point, is this girl called Angela, who he is infatuated with, but who is, I guess, hyperbolically unaware of his existence. He walks into this bar, sees her, expects that nothing will happen, but she looks up to him, questions him on the Pie Man stories, and hypothesizes that he might be the Pie Man himself because he always seems to know where Pie Man is, and the reporter, who’s the narrator, says in his mind to justify the decision he’s about to make, that in a way, he is Pie Man. He invented the image of Pie Man, and that's how he justifies saying, “Yes.” And then Angela says, “Well, buy me a beer.” I think that’s all I remember for now.  