So, the man starts talking, and he introduces it by talking about his journalist story journey, and he begins by saying he was a reporter for The RAM, which is Fordham's newspaper broadcasting, whatever, student thing for journalism, and he was going to interview the dean because the school was going against its mission, from - where he believed it was going against this mission, from allowing middle class to attend to change and higher their tuition from above inflation rates, to make it a more wealthy institution. So, he confronted the dean outside and brought up how he was higher-ing tuition to make this a more wealthy establishment, and right before he could answer, the dean said, “Well, punk…” – or something along the sorts, and all of a sudden, the guy sees a blur out of the corner of his eye with a cream pie or something, cream, and all of a sudden, that blur had pied the dean in the face and ran away. So then, the reporter immediately said, “Do you have any statements on the crime,” that he was just attacked, to the dean, and the dean said, “Fuck you.” So, right then and there, he runs back to the news post or whatever, at school, to report to someone named Dwyer, who was a Pulitzer Prize winner nowadays, but he was the head of the whole reporting journalist-run thing, and he heard this guy's story about the dean, and said that he loved it, so work with it. So, he, the main guy that was telling the story, decided to cross some lines, which they tell you to never do. However, he crossed the first line by making stuff up. They didn't recommend it, but he wanted to make this run with it, he wanted to impress Dwyer, he wanted this to go somewhere. So, he started making up the story of what happened, and he created the character, Pie Man, capital P, capital M. So, he recounted the story as someone in a cape, in an Avenger-like style, ran up to the dean with a pie, and pied him in the face, and ran away screaming a Latin phrase, “I am not an animal,” and clicked his heels as he ran off. This made no sense, but it was exaggerated and he showed it to Dwyer, and he said, “All right, from page.” So, he got the from page. Then, all of a sudden, when he returned home or something, he got a note received to him by Pie Man himself, telling him that he will be outside of the library or something, at 2:00 PM, and that's where he’ll be in case this reporter wanted to meet up with him again, signed by Pie Man. So, the reporter goes, and out comes the student body president, Angela, I believe her name was, and she was known for being very spirited, top of the heap, and also the rumor going around that she definitely got enough of the dean, fooling around with him, not that that was true or anything. But, all of a sudden, Pie Man ran up and creamed her in the face as well. So then, the reporter went out to a bar, wherever, after, or - Angela may not have been the student body president. Angela is this woman that I'm about to mention. He goes to a bar and sees Angela, who is his crush, the hottest girl ever, who approaches him and asks about Pie Man, and she knew that he was the reporter, and said that he was in the same place as Pie Man every time, so is he Pie Man? He thought to himself, “If I say yes, she'll definitely have sex with me. And technically, aren't I Pie Man? I created him in the first place with my article.” So, he said, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” and she said, “Oh, great buy me a beer.” And that is the end of the story. So, I am done