The story begins with the speaker describing himself as a journalist at Fordham University in the Bronx. He is writing for the school newspaper called The Ram. He begins by writing a story about how the dean of the school is responsible for raising tuition well above the inflation rate and kind replacing the average, middle-class students with more upper-class, high-income students. The journalist goes in the courtyard of the school and approaches the dean and asked him, “Are you trying to make the school as affordable?” and he says, “Screw off.” Right as he was saying that, boom, a pie - some individual hits him with a cream pie. Essentially, the journalist asked him, the speaker asked, “Would you care to comment on this most recent attack,” and the principal responded by saying, “Fuck you.” Then the journalist goes back and writes the story saying how this soon-to-be notorious Pie Man came up and slammed a cream pie right into the principal's face. So, the story was quite popular at the school, and the man who slammed the pie in the dean's face said, “Listen, if you want to see me in action, come outside the steps of the library at 3:00 PM,” and the known target was the student body president who was meeting with the dean who wanted to kind of get rid of the outside - wanted to make a law against drinking outside, at the barbecues that the school had. The speaker said there was a rumor of a sexual affair between the student body president and the dean but this is not confirmed. So, essentially, 3:00 happens around the steps and she got assaulted with the pie, similar to that of the dean. He writes about it and he says – The Ram, the name of the newspaper, ran about five stories on Pie Man and that he was pretty notorious. A lot of kids at the school really came to like Pie Man.
Later, he was at a bar with some people from the school, and this girl – I keep forgetting her name, but he had been flirting with her for about two months. She hadn't really shown any interest in him but he was really interested in her. She came up to him at this bar and asked him, “You seem to know always when and where Pie Man will strike.” She asked him, “Are you Pie Man?” and he, wanting to have sex with her and thinking that admitting that he was Pie Man even though he was not would help him achieve this goal, he told her, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” and she said, “Good. Now buy me a drink and tell me all about it.” That's essentially the conclusion of the story. 