So, in this story there's a student who is in The Bronx New York City, and he is working for the school paper called The Ram. He is just walking down campus one day and he sees the dean of the school who had earlier – like, who had been going around trying to make changes to the demographic - socioeconomic demographic of students that attended the school by raising the tuition of the school to be greater than inflation rates, so that way, they would attract a - like a richer, wealthier demographic of students to attend the school. And this guy who works for the paper see the dean and seizes his opportunity to say, “Hey, don't you think that raising these tuitions and trying to change the kind of students that go to the school is like a moral and against the values that we have at the school?” And just is he saying that – oh, and he has his notepad out too – this guy runs up to the dean and throws a cream pie in his face. So, the dean is just sitting there with cream pie all over his face, and the student at the newspaper says, “Do you care to comment?” and the dean says, “I would like to comment,” and then he says, “Fuck you” to student. So, the reporter kid is super excited because he's like, “Oh my god, what a good story I just saw. I witnessed it. This is amazing.” So, he runs back to the editing room and finds the chief editor, who would later go on to win a Pulitzer Prize, and that editor is like, “Yeah, fuck the dean. He’s a dick. Write the paper.” So, the guy telling the story proceeds to write the story of how the dean got pied in the face, and - he's writing the story about how the dean got pied in the face and he started to embellish because he thought that the story would be better and sell better, but he said that journalists just call that making shit up, and that you shouldn’t do that. But anyway, that's what he did. So, he - and he said things about how the dean responded in Latin, saying, “I'm not an animal,” and the reason that he said that, he said, was because he’s Catholic, and it - Latin just come to easier to him. Then, after that, he brings it back to the editor, and the editor is like, “Wow, this is great,” and puts it on the first page. Then, the pie guy is kind of - sees the article and requests to meet with the writer. So, they meet up at night, and there’s this girl there who was like really well-liked by the dean, and there were rumors that the dean and her were hooking up or having sex or something but it's unconfirmed, the writer said not to tell anyone that he said it, and another pie incident happens where someone else gets pied. So then, he writes another story about pie guy, and later on, after both of these articles have been released, there's this girl named Angela, who he had a really big crush on and had been flirting with, but she necessarily wasn't reciprocating the energy but he really wanted it to happen. So, she walks it to him one day and is like. “How are you there every time the pie guy struck? Are you pie guy?” and he was not pie guy, and he knew he wasn’t a guy but he also thought that if he told this girl that he was pie guy, that she would have sex with him. So, he decided to lie to her and tell her that he was pie guy, because he thought – basically, the same difference, because she wouldn't have even known who the pie guy was unless he told her who pie guy was. Like basically, he had come up with a story himself, so he deserved it. So, he said, “Yes, I’m pie guy,” and then she said, “All right, buy me a beer.” I'm done.