Okay. So, I don't know the main character's name. Whatever, so he goes to Fordham University and there’s this dean, I don't know his name either, but there’s this dean and he’s really rude. He's trying to increase the tuition so that more wealthy kids could attend the university rather than the working and middle-class kids. He said that he was raising – the tuition was being raised way up above the inflation rates, and like yes. So then after the ceremony, or like the speech, the dude, the main character, he’s a journalist? I don’t know. He walked up to the dean and he was like, “Why are you doing that?” I don’t know, but he asked him a question about what had had happened and then before he can answer – no, no. I forgot. 
Whatever, so the Pie Man, yet-to-be-named, he came out. He pulled up to the dean and smashed. He fly up a pie in his face, and then the main character was like, “What do you have to say about this and that?” I think he told him, “Fuck you.” So, then he walked away and he was like, “Oh, I’m definitely going to publicize this in the paper.” 
The Pie Man, yes, he ran away and stuff. Then, the main character went to his senior that runs the paper, I guess, and he told him what happened. The main character was talking about how when he writes, he tends to make stuff up. I know he shouldn’t do that but it’s what happened. That’s what he did and that’s why called the dude, Pie Man. He gave him a Latin – he said that before he ran away, he said a Latin phrase. I think it translated to, “I am not an animal.” Even though it didn’t make sense, he still put it in the paper and the editor loved it. So, it got publicized onto page one right here. 
He got an email from Pie Man saying to meet him somewhere in a certain time. There’s this girl that she was trying to ban drinking beer outside on campus, and also, that made a lot of people mad. So, Pie Man pied her in the face and the main character wrote about that too. Then one day, he was at a bar and he said that there's a girl named Sheila that he really, really liked. He said that they had been totally flirting for two months. Then he was like, “Actually, I’ve been flirting with her for two months.” 
He goes to the bar and have a drink. I think you buy some for some people, I don’t know. Then, he gets a tap on the shoulder and it’s Sheila. She asked him how he does know so much about Pie Man and then she asked him if he is Pie Man, and he was like - he's going to answer a straightforward question with a straightforward answer and he said, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” That was it, and 