Okay. So, truthfully, I don't remember as much of this story but basically Jim, he is a writer for the Fordham University newspaper. He goes up to the dean and he’s like, “Why are you trying to replace middle-class students with upper class students,” or something like that. Isn’t that bad for the economy? Then, the dean is like, “You coward,” or something like that and then he imagines this person like coming up from the corner of his eye with a cream pie that smacks the dean in the face. Yes, that is completely imagined and then Jim was like, “Why are you saying this,” but in a more fancy way, like, where is this commentary coming from or something like that, I forgot. Then, the dean is like FU, and Jim is offended by it or something so then he goes and write a paper about Pie Man and then something happened with Sheila or something, I don't remember that part. Then after he writes the paper, and it gets published front page, by Sheila? I’m not sure, in the newspaper. Then he gets his email saying like, “Meet me at the library at 12:30, signed Pie Man.”  
I don't quite remember what Pie Man does to be honest. The story kind of went over my head this time, but yes, then pie man becomes a thing at his college and then Jim goes to the bar one night and then sees Angela, a girl from his Brit Lit class and he's been flirting with her for two months and but his form of flirting, he called it, was nuanced and he wasn’t even sure if she knew he existed. Then, she goes up to Jim, and it’s like, “Do you know Pie Man?” and then like, “Are you Pie Man?” Not do you know Pie Man, and then Jim obviously isn't Pie Man. He only invented him in the newspaper in that article but he's not actually Pie Man. Despite the fact that he doesn't even know what Pie Man looks like and who Pie Man is outside of Pie Man’s costume, Jim says yes, I am Pie Man because he thinks that that will make her want to sleep with him or at least, have some physical attraction to him or just make his presence known to her and then she basically says, “Want to buy me a beer?” Then yes, that's basically how the story ends. 