So the story is about a guy, college-age, going to Fordham, and he talks about the start of his journalism career, which I believe is a joke because he’s doing comedy. He talks about being a journalist for the newspaper which actually has a Pulitzer Prize winning editor. He goes up to the dean of Fordham, I believe, and asked him about, I think, the inflation of tuition. As he does that, a man comes up behind him and smashes a pie into the dean’s face. He gives the dean a second from this sudden experience and then the journalist says, “Do you care to comment on this situation?” The dean says, “Fuck you.” So then the journalist goes back to his editor, tells him what happens. The editor hates the dean and so the journalist writes it up. Editor says, “Love it. First page news.” But in the article the journalist decides to take some creative freedom, veer from the truth, and kind of accentuates the pie smashing man, and says like, “He wears a cape and has this Latin phrase.” The journalist says that he’s always ready with the Latin phrase because he grew up Catholic. Then someone tells him to meet him - to have the journalist meet him at this building and place, a specific time and place. I don’t know exactly who told him to do this, but for some reason it’s between him, the Pie Man, and the class president. This class president is kind of like a tyrannical anti-drinking kind of person, and apparently, she’s supposed to be sleeping with the dean himself and they’re on this kind of crusade together to get rid of drinking outside during barbecues or just generally drinking outside on campus. So, at this meeting between the journalist and this class president, the pie guy comes again, I believe, and smashes her in the face with a pie. So then the journalist then kind of writes the story, embellishes a little bit more. Then one day, the journalist is walking by and some girl that he said he’s been flirting with for two months but might not know his existence, so it’s a little bit of a vague area there, he sees her. He says, “I’m not going to say, do anything to her.” But then she sees him. She calls him over and she says, “Are you the pie guy? How are you being in the space the same places all the time when is pie guy decides to hit? Are you him?” He really wants to sleep with her and he says, “I am the pie guy.” Yes  