So, there’s this guy, he goes to Fordham and he was in the college newspaper, and then he was walking outside and he saw the dean who was trying to raise the tuition up, and then he tried to talk to the dean, like interview the dean and ask him like, “What do you think about the inflation thing, like raising the tuition?” Then the dean said, “Listen, you punk,” and then at that exact moment, this random guy has a cream pie and slams it across the dean’s face. Then cream is dripping off his face and the guy is like, “Oh, what do you just think about this attack?” Then the dean basically says, “Yes, I would like to make a comment: fuck you.” So, then the guy, the journalism, he runs to his place, I guess, and runs the story by his editor, and his editor hates the dean and basically said to write up the story right now. So, the guy starts writing up the story and when he’s writing up the story, he starts to add some fake, not true parts to the story, and he basically gave the name to the guy with the pie, and he was Pie Man, PM, and he was wearing a cape, and as he was leaving, he did something with his feet and he said something in Latin and it meant like, “I’m not an animal.”
So, he basically created this heroic character and he showed the story to his editor. His editor said he really liked it and they ran the story, first page of the newspaper. Then he gets mail one day and it basically says like, “I liked your piece. If you want to see me in action again, meet me by the library” or something, and he signed it “Pie Man.” So, then the guy goes to the library with a cameraman and then basically finds the student body president coming out of the library or something, and basically, she’s trying to pass a rule to – she’s a student that the dean wants more of, very different from the other Fordham students, and she basically tried to run and pass a rule to ban outdoor drinking, so no more outdoor barbecue and beers, because she thought that it was a poor act. Then the dean – and also apparently, she was engaged in sexual activities with the dean, but that’s also a rumor, but anyways, Pie Man pulls up and Pie Man does what – he throws the pie and he’s in his cape and he says like, “I am not an animal” in Latin and then goes away, or at least that’s what he wrote about.
Then he writes like four to five more pieces just about Pie Man’s activities, and then one day he goes to this bar alone. He’s sitting at the bar and he drinks and he sees this girl that he’s been having a crush on for two months in class, but she never acknowledged him and stuff, but then she comes up to him and asks him like, “You seem to always know where Pie Man is. Are you actually Pie Man?” The guy, obviously, he knows he’s not Pie Man and he shouldn’t say he is Pie Man, but he thinks that since he created the idea of Pie Man, this entire image of Pie Man, and he’s the only one telling these stories of Pie Man, he could say that he’s Pie Man. So, he says he’s Pie Man and he says he’s Pie Man because he thinks that if he says that he’s Pie Man, then this girl that he had a crush on would also want to be something, like have sex with him as well, and then the story ends.