Okay. So, the protagonist, he goes to Fordham University and he's a student journalist at his school and he writes for the Ram’s newspaper. He went to the dean's office, Dean McGowan, and he acts – oh, wait. First, he noticed that the school was going to enroll more wealthy prestigious students and raise tuition so that more middle-class unwealthy students couldn’t afford to come to the school. So, then he went to the dean and ask him to like comment about it for his newspaper for his article. Then a student, and then he set up at the side of his eye like he saw a blur of a student with a cream pie smacking into the dean's face. The student just ran and then the protagonist asks the dean to make a comment and the dean was like yes, and he said fuck you. So, the protagonist look at it and he put – so, the protagonist went to his editor or somebody from the newspaper and was like I have a new story. We need to write about this guy with a pie, cream pieing people. So, then, the editor was like, let’s do it. So then, he wrote about it and then he added embellishments and stuff to it. Well, I think he wrote about the tuition thing and then also included the pie thing in the story. So then, it was published on the first page of the newspaper and everybody started loving the Pie Man first series or first episode for historical things. 
There's another student named Sheila and she was like the embodiment of school spirit at Fordham. So then, her and the dean had collaborated to ban outside drinking on campus, and so the protagonist met Sheila when Pie Man send him an anonymous note to meet him in some room in the school and Sheila happened to be there. So then, Pie Man came out with a cape and I don't he pied her. I don’t think he pied Sheila but he was there. So, yes, the protagonist wrote a second article about Pie Man and then people started loving Pie Man and then he wrote about five articles about Pie Man and his sightings and his cream pieing, how kind of he say that. 
So, the protagonist says he was at a bar one night and he saw his crush named Angela. He said that he and Angela were flirting for the past two months and they both go to - they both are in the class called British Lit, and he said that it was actually just him flirting with her. So then, she's over there like talking with her friends and then she ends up approaching him and says that he always knows when Pie Man is going to strike and what he's doing like his whereabouts and stuff. She asked him if he's Pie Man, and then he was beginning to sound like obviously, he's not Pie Man, but if he says he is, then Angela will sleep with him. So, he said that he was Pie Man, and then she was like, “Okay, cool. Buy me a beer,” and yes, he became Pie Man in that one minute. 