Okay. So, the stories about Jim, a journalist, he is talking about how he started his career in journalism when he was a student at Fordham. He was saying that he, I guess, knew about this - he had a theory or something that the school was raising the price of tuition, so that they could like weed out poor kids and they could try to get a bunch of rich kids into Fordham. He sees the dean. I think his name was Dean McGowan and – wait, I don't even know if this is recording. Please recall. Okay, I think this is recording. I don't even know but anyways, so he sees Dean McGowan and he goes up to him and he asks him about the raise in the price of tuition. When he goes up to him, there's this guy who he doesn't know standing right near him. He has a pie and he throws the pie in the dean’s face. Now the dean has pie all over his face and he's like pissed. 
So, I guess Jim just walks away and then he goes - since obviously he's a journalist, he was going to write about it. So, he goes to this other guy who is also a student at Fordham, who he said then went on to win a Pulitzer Prize. He goes up to him and he's asking like, “What should I do about the story?” The dude says like the dean’s an asshole, and you should write about how he got a pie thrown in his face. So then, he does but he adds a bunch of lies - not a bunch. So, he adds this lie into the story that the guy with the pie is called Pie Man and that he was wearing a cape. He said something in Latin after he threw the pie at the dean. So, he writes this in the school paper. It’s called the Ram and then it gets published. All these people know about it and it becomes this thing, right? 
So, he gets a letter from Pie Man, tell him to meet him outside of the library. Then, he brings up this girl who's kind of anal and she's rich. She has this initiative to ban alcohol from campus and she's also having sex with the dean. I don't really know why this is brought up because he didn't touch on it again after, but he meets Pie Man at the library and he has the cape and everything. He delivers something in the mailbox, I don't even know. That's beside the point then he writes again about Pie Man, and it's just like this thing, right? So, then, Jim is in a bar and there's this girl in his something, some British class. I don't know. Angela. Her name is Angela and he has a huge crush on her. He doesn't know if she even knows that he exists whatever. She taps him on the shoulder and then after she taps him on the shoulder, he turns around he's like, “Oh my God, it's her. I can't believe it.” She brings up this idea. She's like, “Hey, we were talking.” I guess her and her friends is the “we.” “You always seem to know where Pie Man is.” She asks him if he's Pie Man, and he says that he thinks that she is impressed by Pie Man. If he says yes, then she'll want to have sex with him so he says, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” to her, knowing that it's a lie again because I guess lying is fun. He said something like he called it making shit up. He said it's a thing in journalism. Usually, you're advised against it but it makes your stories more interesting whatever. So, he lies. He says he asked because he wants to impress this girl, and she is impressed. Then, she says buy me a drink and tell me all about it. I guess they just hang out and the rest is history. So, that’s pretty much all I've got so 