Okay, so it all began at Fordham University where this student - I believe he's a reporter, if not a writer - asked the dean of his university a question and where the University's dean responded very rudely. All of a sudden, this dude with a mask on came with a plate of whipping cream and smashed it on to the dean. Then I guess he captured that and he was like, “Okay, so now do you want to talk about this catastrophe that just happened to you?” The dean said, “Yes.” He was like, “What do you have to say?” He was like, “Fuck you.”
Next thing you know, he ran to, I'm assuming, where he goes to write his stories, the individual, where he goes and reports his stories or whatever. He wrote the story of the individual who pied the dean. All of a sudden, he was given a name called Pie Man and he went to ask that - he wrote that story to show it to the individual the first time, right? The individual liked it and then said okay, and he wanted to write more. He wrote like this motto in Latin. It translated saying like, “I'm not an animal,” or something and had that published, I guess.
After he asked, the Pie Man found out or read his story and asked him to meet him in the – [Pause] oh, yes, asked him to meet him in the - I think a library. Outside of some building, right? The individual goes, but as he's going and waiting for him, this girl named Sheila arrives. Now, there are so many rumors about Sheila because, I guess, she was like that individual who stands out a lot in the university. There was this nasty rumor about her going around that she's probably with the dean or whatever, right? So, basically a child’s pet. Then, afterwards, Pie Man came, but the individual does not - never have seen Pie Man without his mask or whatever. He even gave him a description where he's wearing a cape, too, so yes. 
One day or one night, I don’t know what time of the day it was, he ends up going to a bar, I believe, and sees Sheila with her friends drinking. He made a mental note not to do anything. In his head, he thought that he was flirting with Sheila for two months, I think. He first thought that they were both flirting, but it turned out to be it was just him for two months, right? He made a mental note saying that he wasn't going to do anything.
He goes and says - and then Sheila says - he felt a tap on the shoulder and then Sheila goes and says, “Well, you, for some reason, always know where Pie Man is about to strike. Is there a possibility that you are Pie Man?” Then the individual says - he was like, “Well...” In his head, this is him thinking in his head. He's never seen Pie Man ever in his life or without his mask. Technically, it was because of him this individual has a name and so much stuff about him going on, whatever, whatever. He ends up telling her that he was Pie Man. He, literally, basically said, “Yes, Sheila, I am.” She says, “Okay, good. Now, buy me a beer and let's talk about it.” Yes, 