So, the narrator started off with introducing himself as a Fordham student in New York, and he is part of the newspaper writing committee, and one day he was walking back from class, and he saw the dean, the dean's name was Dean McGowan, and he went up to him to ask him a question. I forgot what the question was, but the dean got really mad, and on the corner of his eyes, he saw someone with a costume, and the dean got smashed in a face with a pie by the person that suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and he was really shook. The dean got really mad and said some mean stuff, and the narrator went back to his newspaper committee and started writing about what he just saw. There was someone else involved in the community, like at that time. I think he showed him the news, the journal that he wrote about what he just encountered, and the person approved and was like – oh, he called the person the Pie Man, and it was made up in his head. I don't know if he was actually - the Pie Man was actually wearing a costume or not, but the person that was reading the narrator's journal approved, and thought it was a good article to publish to Fordham University. So yes, the next day, everyone knew that Pie Man was a person, and he existed, and he - the narrator got a letter from the “Pie Man” the next day after releasing the news, saying, “If you want to see me in more action, you should meet me at a staircase somewhere in front of the library.” Oh, a part of the news was made up by the narrator because he didn't really know what else to write, and he - it was very much exaggerated. The next day, he met Pie Man in front of the staircase, and - I forgot what the Pie Man did, or anything. Let me think. [Pause] I'll come back to that later, but a few moments later, he this girl that he was flirting with for the past two months, called Angela, and he made a mental note not to do anything about it, but later, I think she came up to her – him, and asked if he was the Pie Man, and he said - like he knew that he wasn't the Pie Man, physically, because he's never seen the Pie Man, but he was a person who made up the name “Pie Man” in his news, so he ended up saying yes, he was the Pie Man. Yes. 