Okay. The story is about a guy named Jim. He lives in Brooklyn. He went to Fordham and he was working on middle-class students, I think it was. He takes his notebook to see if Fordham wants – I mean, sorry. He takes his notebook and he goes to the dean to see - and to ask him a question and see if it’s true if Fordham to raise the tuition, and he wonders if it's a betrayal to everyone. The dean answers him, “Listen up, punk.” Jim has a blur in his eye and he sees the guy next to him smashing a cream pie into the dean's face. The dean is covered in cream. Basically, Jim goes back to the newsroom and he pitches a story to this other guy. The other guy says, “Oh, well, he's a dick. He’s not a good person.” Jim makes up stuff about him, which reporters are told, “There’s a line that you cross,” and he makes the story look better. He spelled Pie Man with a capital P and a capital M. He gives him this catchphrase in Latin which was – I forgot what it was exactly, but I remember what it was in English which means, “I am not an animal,” which literally makes no sense. He is Catholic but Latin comes to him. When he finishes writing up the story, he shows it to this guy. The guy was like, “Wow. Love it. We are putting it on the first page of this.” He for sure crossed lines because he made up a bunch of stuff about him. It gets posted. People see it. Jim gets a letter and it says, “Be on the steps at 2:00,” and it was signed by Pie Man which was the dean. He went there and brought a photographer for The Ram. The vice president or president or something named Sheila is also there. Sheila is very different from Jim. He quotes her to be well-bred, and she had school spirit. The dean wanted, apparently, more people like Sheila. There was this big rumor that Jim does not want anyone to say, that Sheila – I mean, apparently, the dean had plenty of Sheila on his desk, but it’s a rumor. Sheila wanted to ban outdoor drinking and so did the dean - on campus. Sheila felt that drinking in public was poor taste. Basically, there’s this picture of Pie Man with a cape on the cover. Jim writes a story the next day about his encounter with the dean. The dean ends up becoming a sensation on campus. People quote him like crazy. They would dress up like him, act like him. Now, time passes and Jim goes to a bar. At this bar, he sees this girl named Angela. First, he says, “From the corner of my eye I see he, he, he,” and then says, “Angela.” I don’t know. Basically, he said Angela and him had been flirting for two months, but then he corrects himself and says, “Really, it was me flirting with her.” He questioned himself and was like, “Does Angela even know I exist?” Really, he had a crush on her basically but felt like it was best for him not to walk up to her, so he did nothing about it. He gets up to the bar to get a drink and she walks up to him and taps him by the shoulder and says how her and her friends just were asking how he knows all these things about Pie Man and how he knows when Pie Man will strike. She asked him if Pie Man – if he’s Pie Man. He knew if he said yes, she would have sex with him, which is what he wanted; he really, really wanted. He felt that he brought Pie Man to real life, so technically, that’s really him. But he looks at her and he says that he’s – I forgot if it was he was Pie Man or not. I think it was that he’s not Pie Man and that he never saw him out of costume. Then Angela tells him to tell her all about it.  