So, this guy goes to Fordham University, and he's on the school newspaper, and he's a journalist. One day he's walking outside and he sees the dean, so he goes up to him and asks him about raising the cost of tuition. So, he gets - the dean gets mad, and then all of a sudden, this kid comes out with a pie and hits the dean in the face with the pie and then runs away. Then, the journalist asks, “Would you care to comment on this?” And the dean says, “Fuck you.” So then, the guy goes back to the school newspaper and he goes to his editor, who's a senior, and he tells him about what happened, and he - and the senior says, “I hate the dean. You should run the story.” So, he writes the story and he includes some lies, and he makes comments about how journalists say you should not do this, but he does it anyways. He writes that the kid with the pie had a cape and a Latin catchphrase, and that he clicked his heels when he was running away. So, he showed it to his editor, and he loved it, and he printed it in the first page. He gets a letter the next day or week. He gets a letter, and it's from the kid with the pie, and he said, “If you want to see Pie Man in action again, come meet me at the library at 3:00 PM. So, he goes to the location and he sees the student body president who was having an affair - or there was a rumor she was having an affair with the dean, and nobody liked her because she was like - thought she was better than everyone else, and banned public  drinking, no beer at a barbecue, and so no one liked her. So, Pie Man struck again, and he hit her in the face with a pie. Oh, also, he called the kid with the pie, Pie Man, in his article, with a capital P and a capital M. Anyways. So then, when the kid hit the girl in the face of the pie, he was also wearing a cape, and he brought a photographer with him. The journalist brought the photographer with him, so he got a picture of him. So, he wrote five more articles about Pie Man and they were like a really big success. And so, he goes to a bar one night, and there's this girl, Angela, that he really likes and he's been flirting with, and he sees her, but he plans on not talking to her. So, he goes to the bar to order a round, and he feels a tab on his shoulder, and turns around, and it's Angela, and she wants to know if he's Pie Man, and he says that if he knows that if he says yes, then she will want to hook up with him, but he is not actually Pie Man. So, he thinks about it and he decides to say yes.  [Pause] Okay. So, he debates if he should say yes or no because he's not actually Pie Man, and lying to her would be wrong, but he was hitting on her and he wasn't sure she knew he existed because he was hitting on her really subtly, so he decides to say that he is Pie Man. 