All right. So, I'm guessing I should be recalling the story now. So, the story starts - okay, I think I need to start now then. Okay. So, the story starts - okay, so it starts with the journalist at Fordham, and it ends with his girlfriend. Not his girlfriend, this girl, like the girl which - I don't remember her name, but she asked him about the Pie Man. It was about a journalist in Fordham University, and he heard a rumor about the dean raising the tuition prices, because the tuition price is – therefore, neglecting middle class and lower income students. He went there and asked him about how that conflicted with mission statement of Fordham University, and the dean was so mad, I don't remember the phrase that he said, he probably said, “You fuck her,” I think? He got so mad, and then someone threw a pie at him, on his face, and the journalist found that very funny. Then, he later asked him, “What do you think about someone throwing a pie,” at him, and then he said, “Fuck you,” to the guy - to the journalist. I don’t remember the name of the journalist by I just know that he's a journalist at Fordham. He went back to the editor and asked him about the story, and I think the editor was like - eventually gone to win to the Pulitzer Prize, or was nominated for that. He supported him doing that. He called - the Pie Man, the dean an asshole. So, the journalist tried to come up with a story. He knew the story was very good, but as he described it, he wanted to add an element of bullshit, of adding shit up. So, he tried to create the caricature of the dean by making a character called the Pie Man, which was sort of as a way to make fun of him. I believe he had a cape, the Pie Man, and it had the initials, PM. He would appear in Fordham every now and then. I don’t remember if there's anything that - where he described - where he has done something. But I believe from what I recollect, that he became a celebrity symbol. The journalist described a girl who – or a guy who was very proactive, but was - I think the head of the student body, who was very school spirit, and he was very different from the other Fordham students, either because he was like well-raised, or had enough money. He did not mention that specifically, but he just said that they were like - he was distinct from other students, and the dean liked him. And there was like a rumor that he described - and the guy emphasized that it's just a rumor that he says that it's just a rumor, that he's about to ban all alcohol outside of campus, or outside of the campus area, and the students didn’t like it. But that was just a rumor. And then, anyways, he was walking - the journalist was walking and he found his girl, which was - in which he had a crush on. Like he said, they were flirting each other, but he was flirting more than the other girl, and like she asked him, that the journalist, like he knew the – like the Pie Man was and what was he doing, and when is he going to do his stuff. She asked him if he is the Pie Man, and the guy, being driven, being so into her, thought and said, yes, because he thought he was going to - he will have sex if he would say that, even though even though it was not him. I believe – yes. After that, the girl said, “Okay, go get me a beer. Go get me a beer and…” - let me think, let me think. Yes, “Go get me a beer and…” - yes, “Go get me a beer and tell me about it.” And then that was it, like the plot and everything. There was like a move that the guy was describing, but I don't - which was like part of the story, but I do not remember what - like he did not show the move, which is probably why I remembered it, but he was trying to show a move, which I don't know which part of the story was, but there was that demonstration. Any further detail of the story? I think, yes, I'm done.