The speaker begins by saying that he was a student journalist at Fordham University. One time, he was on campus when he bumped into the new dean, Dean McGowan. Then, the speaker recalls that he’s recently been trying to recruit more well-bred undergraduates, so I guess more wealthy rather than the current student demographic, which is mostly part-time working students. He goes up to the dean and asks in sort of an interview-type tone saying, “How do you feel about this ” I don’t remember, but he stay  and ask, “How do you feel about it? Don’t you feel that this is like betrayal?” I think to some value that the university has. I remember he says, “How do you feel about raising tuition well above inflation rates?” Then, the dean is able to speak two, three words before some dude comes up and pies him in the face and then leaves. He looks at him for a few seconds and then goes, “How do you feel about the attack that just happened to you?” The dean was like “fuck you” and left. Then, he goes back. He immediately goes to I think his student journal president or something. I can’t seem to recall the name, but eventually, he was a recipient of the Pulitzer Prize. Goes up to him and tells him about this story about what just happened. The president tell him, “Yes, okay. Fuck this guy. He’s a dick. Go write it up.” He goes write it up and also makes up a few details. Details being how this guy was wearing a cape and after he pie them in the face, he’ll ran off like click his heels, I think, and says [Foreign Language]. “I am not an animal,” or whatever, as he leaves. These all made up details. He also called him Pie Man, and then published the article. He goes on page one. He gives the student president the draft and the student president really likes it and says, “Okay, let’s put it on page one.” They published it. After a few days, he gets a mail, I think, or email - I’m not sure - saying that if you want to see my next action, you’re going to see me again, come to outside of this library or this building on this day at this time. Signed Pie Man. The writer goes on that day and sees the student body president. I can’t remember the name. Sheila, I think. Details like how Sheila and then the new Dean has apparently been doing some stuff in the dean’s office, though he claims that they’re just rumors, but anyway. I think that’s their . They don’t really like the student body president, because apparently, she also supported the dean’s decision on banning outdoor drinking. No more beers at barbecues rule. Safe to say though, doesn’t really like her either, so then he walks and then sees her coming out the library, I think. He says how Pie Man was , pied her in the face and left, and they yelled his [Foreign Language] catchphrase. Even though in reality he later says that’s not actually what happened. I think what actually happened probably was like gets pied in the face. We didn’t know if this event is real, but anyway. He publishes this and then it gets really popular. Everyone at the university dressing up like Pie Man and shouting his catchphrases. It becomes a sensation inside Fordham. After a while, one day he’s at a bar drinking with some of his friends or something, or he’s just drinking by himself. I don’t remember. He sees Angela, I think, who he’s been flirting with for the past two months. He remarks that maybe it’s just a one-way thing, maybe she doesn’t actually know me at all and makes a mental note so he would pretend to not see her. Goes up to the barista and orders another drink. That’s when like he feels a tap on the shoulder, turns back and then Angela asks him. What she said, she’s like, “My friends and I were talking about Pie Man. I was just wondering if you were Pie Man.” At this moment, a lot of thoughts went into his head. Saying like, “Okay. I do say yes,” but he’s like I can tell them no, but I’ll say yes. She’s then going to have sex with me. Begins to contemplate his decisions, saying like, “Okay, Pie Man’s just made up. Everything’s made up. Even though he’s sort of an embodiment of me, he's my creation that I brought into the world via journalism. It still not me. I didn’t do any of that,” but then he responds “Yes, I’m Pie Man” in the end after all that contemplation. I think Angela says, “Oh, buy me a beer and tell me more about your stories.” That’s where the story ends. I’m done.