Okay. So, the story is about Jim and his experience with Pie Man, that's ridiculous. So, Jim went to Fordham University for journalism and while he was on campus, he knows the Dean of the school, Dean McAloon, and then with his notebook in his hand, he asked the Dean, “Hey Dean, what do you think about…” he asked something about inflation, and then the Dean replied, “You got something, punk?” Then all the sudden, this random dude shove the cream pie in his face and just ran off the scene. With pie in his face, Jim asked the Dean of course what he thought of his attack. Then, the Dean said - or he asks if he's comfortable about talking about this situation of being cream pied in the face, and the Dean said, “Yeah, I , fuck you.” So then, Jim has got some scoop up the cream pie of the Dean, Dean McAloon, and decided to go to the letter station, that newspaper station of making like a journal to such, and he is with editor and he's with Jim Dwyer, senior editor. As he’s making his paper, he wants to make a paper about how the Dean got creampied by this mysterious man. He calls it embellishing, but we can all agree that he was making shit up. So, then he calls this mysterious man who pied the Dean “Pie Man” who is this a caped wearing, masked person, and who's like an Avenger. For  some particular reason, Jim give him a catchphrase in Latin, it’s like “Ego sum non la bestia” which translates to “I am not an animal.” He says that because the reason why he said in Latin because he's Catholic. He showed Jim, the editor,  like, “Yo, this is big on the first page, man!” Then, after that day, Jim received a letter presumably from Pie Man, and it says like if you want to meet the mysterious Pie Man, come to Duane Library, Tuesday at 3 PM, signed by the Pie Man, of course. While Jim was waiting there, he noticed, I think her name was like Sheila, who was like - I forgot her role, something to do with the presidential body or at the student body. She was the type of person that Dean McAloon wanted more of. Although it is rumored that they did some naughty stuff in the office, or at least  of her, sheesh. She was mainly there to promote this ban for public drinking in campus. She really is that, you know, people who drink in public have really poor taste, and while she was talking about that, Pie Man does come up, does the deed again, cream pies her – well, puts a pie in her face, and then he just runs off with the cape flooring behind his back, yelling his phrase “Ego sum non la bestia” and flees the scene. Obviously, this became a really big scoop and this caused a really big influence on how Pie Man is now like seen as a really big superhero at Fordham University. People started to dress like him, people started to act like him, and pies are . Eventually, things preceded in time until Jim went to a bar, noticed that Angela's there, which is apparently a classmate from his British class, British language, or British history – well, something to do with Britain. He believes they've been flirting, but in actuality, it's a one-way street. He said, “I'm just going to ignore her, leave her to her own businesses,” and then he felt a tap on his shoulder and it was actually Angela. Angela was wondering since she believes that Jim knows a scoop about Pie Man because he shows he's been writing articles about him. Angela’s been wondering where would Pie Man strike next, and then she just had to ask is he Pie Man? Now, he thought about this a lot because what he interpreted through the way she asked him is that if he answers yes, it's definitely going to lead to sex, and then he thought about his morality, thought about lying to her saying, you know, he's not actually Pie Man, but the man said yes. Then, what was Angela's response? It was like, “Yeah, so I see. Well buy me a beer and let's talk about it,” something like that. So, I guess it goes a really far back, but there’s a really cool guitar riffs at the beginning of the thing. I just had to remember that at least, but yes,  