Yes, so that was a story about - his name was Jim. He was recalling when he was at Fordham University in the Bronx and he worked for the student newspaper. It was one of his first jobs writing since for the campus newspaper. I think it was called the Jam or something and he was doing a piece on when the dean was at the university were hiking the prices up for admissions even though it was higher than inflation prices and how it went against the university’s admission, take it at unaffordable place for students. He found the dean at the school's courtyard area and confronted him about it and said he’d be running a story like, “Do you care to comment on all of that what you're doing?” Then, the dean said - he was like, “Oh, you’re a punk,” and then, from the corner of Jim’s eye, there was a blur. Then, there was a cream puff, and the cream puff got slammed in the dean’s face. The guy who threw the cream puff ran away. Then, Jim said to the dean, “Care to comment on this attack? Comment on the latest attack that you had.” The dean said, “Fuck you,” and then, Jim ran back to the student newspaper headquarters on campus and was talking with his friend, Dwayne, I think, and then he was talking to ended up winning Pulitzer Prize later on in life, but he told his friend what had just happened in the courtyard, and his friend said something along the lines of, “Yes, let’s do it. The dean’s a dick. Run the story.” As Jim was writing the story, he wanted to make the story better, but that meant that he embellished it, exaggerated. So, instead of what actually happened with the pieing, he said the guy who pied the dean was dressed as a superhero and had a cape and that his name was Pie Man. I think that there were letters on the cape. I can’t remember what the letters were, but he said that Pie Man had a catchphrase in Latin. I don’t remember it in Latin, but it translated in English to I am not an animal or something like that. Pie Man shouted back as he was running away after pieing the dean. It got printed on the front page in the student newspaper, and then, after it was published, that have somewhat Pie Man contacted Jim saying he wants to meet up. Come to the library steps tomorrow night. So, Jim went to the library steps the following day to see Pie Man and he saw this girl, Sheila, outside and she was just walking around. Sheila is someone that he had liked, he had a crush on and Sheila also there was a rumor that she had a romantic relationship with the professor, they did stuff in the professor’s office or the dean’s office with the dean. Then, he made a joke that the crowd shouldn’t let that rumor go beyond the comedy club, that it was just a rumor. Then, the story shifted to Jim seeing this guy dressed up in a superhero outfit. Oh, I forgot. Earlier in Jim’s story, he had said that Pie Man ran away clicking his heels as he said his Latin phrase. Yes. Jim met Pie Man, and Pie Man came out some time like the library books drop-off class. Then, I forget what Pie Man did. 
Then, he ran away again saying the phrase, and it ended up that Jim wrote five more or he had a total of five stories about Pie Man in the student newspaper, and it became a full thing on campus. When Jim was after class, he went at a bar. He saw this girl, Angela, who he liked, and the girl, Angela, they’re friends. She came up to Jim. Then, Jim had a crush on her for two months, a few months. So, he was super excited, and then Angela asked him, “Oh, me and my friends think it’s so weird that you always seem to know where Pie Man would be, and you’re always in the same place as Pie Man when he does these things. We have to ask you, are you Pie Man?” Jim thought about it, and he was like, “Technically, I am,” and a story to everyone, he’s saying, “Technically, I am Pie Man. I mean, I created him. Without me, there wouldn’t have been a Pie Man. I started the whole thing. No one actually knows who he is without the costume,” something like that. So then, he told Angela, “Yes. Yes, I am Pie Man.” Oh, and he did all that because he knew if he said yes, that he was Pie Man, that Jessica would have sex with him, and he wanted to do that. Then, after he told Angela that he was Pie Man, she was like, “Let’s get a beer. I’ll buy you a beer. Tell me more about that.” Yes. So, that’s how the story ended. 