The speaker was an editor for the Fordham newspaper column, the Rams, and he was very - he was journaling, he was a journalist because of journalism. One day, he approached the dean of the school, which he hated and everyone else hated as well, and he asked him about how if it was true that the school tuition next year was going to increase because of inflation or something, which is against this Fordham policy or something – Fordham something. Once he asked that, at the corner of his eye, he saw something blurry come up and that blurry thing was a dude who was holding a pie in his hand. That dude came up beside him and slammed the pie on the dean’s face and ran away. The dean, to that, the speaker asked the dean if he had anything to say about the recent attack, and the dean said, replied, “F-U.” So, he went back to the newspaper – he ran back to the paper station place and he talked to the editor-in-chief or the other person in charge who was a senior who later ended up getting a Pulitzer, and he ran the story by him. He wrote up the story, he ran the story by him, and what he did was make up a story. He made shit up, and that shit that he made up was basically that the dude who was holding the – who pied them, the dean’s face, who pied the dean’s face was a masked avenger wearing a cape with an - not Italian – with a Latin catchphrase that translates to “I am not a monster,” which made no sense, but he did it anyway and he crossed the line. I'm making stuff up. That was the first line he crossed. He went to the dude that ended up winning a Pulitzer, and he ran the story by him and he was very impressed. He said that he put it on the first page in the newspaper. The first page of the paper, and he also added that he thought that the dean was a dickhead. After that, he wrote five more stories on the next day. Going back to that. The next day, he received a letter or an email or something from the supposed pie man, PM, saying that if he wanted to learn more about him, to meet him in front of the steps of the dean's something, common room or something like that. The next day when he went to meet up with the pie man, he ended up facing this girl that everyone hated, Rachel, or was it somebody else, Sarah or something. Everyone hated her. There was a supposed rumor that she was sleeping with the dean, which might not be true but also might be true, and she was very – she was bred differently from - at least that's what he said - from all the other Fordham students who wore Lumberjack plaid shirts and had part-time jobs. What she did was collaborate with - what she did that made everyone own hate her is collaborate with the dean to raise a - to make a rule about public drinking, to ban public drinking, the meds and stuff, and everyone hated her for that. What happened was that pie man pied her and he was wearing a cape. He ran. He was wearing a cape when he ran away. He posed a little pose, but I cannot see the pose. I'm not really sure what it is, but he posed and he yelled out his Latin catchphrase because he went with a photographer to take a photo of pie man. She took the photo and then he ended up making five stories on pie man. The days after, the days following, everyone started dressing up as pie man, yelling out his Latin catchphrase, and overall became really popular. This one girl in one of her classes; it was Brit lit, British literature. In a British literature class, I think that girl is Rachel. Rachel who he found very attractive and liked a lot, had a crush on. He couldn’t approach her. He flirted with her, but she didn’t really know of his existence until he went to a bar and he saw her there but he didn't - he made a note to not say anything and not approach her. When he went up to the bar area, he felt someone tap on his shoulder, and he turned around it was Rachel. Rachel asked him if he was pie man. She asked him, more specifically. She told him that she and her friends were talking about how he seemed to be the only person who knew, who'd ever seen pie man in action and who knew about him. She asked him if he was pie man, and what he was thinking, his thought process was that he was the only one who - he was the one who basically made him, made pie man up. He invented pie man, and no one would have - she would not have known about pie man if not for his introduction in the newspaper article. What he also thought in addition to that was that Rachel's very attractive. If he did say yes to her question, then she would have sex with him, or she would want to. So, he said, his response was yes. He said yes. He was pie man. Simple answer to a simple question, and after that, she said, “Tell me more about it.” She asked him to tell her more about it and buy her drink. Yes. I’m done.