Okay, so basically this kid who goes to Fordham is a reporter and he finds out that the Dean Magellan at his school wants to up tuition at Fordham. He goes up to him and he's like, “Why do you want to do this?” It's because he wants more I guess high class students. Before the dean can answer, some dude comes and throws a pie in the dean's face and he says he lets the dean take a moment to figure out what to do because he just got a pie smashed in his face. Then he goes, “Do you care to elaborate on what just occurred?” The dean says, “Fuck you.” Basically, the guy then goes back to his newsroom and he goes back to the guy who's in charge and says what happened and everything, and [Laughter] the guy tells him, “Dean Magellan, that guy's a dick. Write it up.” He starts writing it up and then he starts adding embellishments, which he says that reporters just called making shit up. He calls the guy who threw the pie, Pie Man, and he adds that he was wearing a cape but he wasn't, and he gave him a catchphrase which was in Latin. He comes and gives it to the guy who runs the reporter stuff and he's like, “I love it! Put it on page one. Pie Man is so cool.” He says that's how the first line gets crossed I guess. I think it's in terms of journalism, how it can crossed lines. Someone writes to him and he finds out that it's Pie Man. Pie Man is telling him to meet at the library, and so he goes and he waits for him. Then this girl, Sheila, showed up and he says that Sheila’s the kind of student that the dean wants more of at the school and he insinuates that apparently, Sheila and the dean had some sort of relationship, and that Sheila and the dean got drinking on campus like outside for barbecues and stuff outlawed because it was not classy. Then Pie Man shows up and he smashes the pie on her, and so he gets a picture of him fleeing the scene with his cape on, and he runs us another story again about how Pie Man’s done it again. Then he says he goes to a bar and he sees this girl. I think her name was Angela, and he said they've been flirting for a couple months but really, he was just flirting with her. She comes up to him and she's like, “My friends and I have been talking and we are wondering, how do you always know where Pie Man’s going to be? Are you Pie Man? He's like “I don't know what to do because I really like her,” and he's like I know that if I say I'm Pie Man that basically she’ll hook up with him, and he's like “But there’s only one thing to say. She asked am I Pie Man and he says, “I am,” and she said, “Great. You're going to buy me a beer.” Okay, I'm done.