In the beginning there were some music playing. I know he met this guy, Jim. He’s from the Bronx. He's a reporter and he's a student at Fordham. One day he's on the campus and he runs into the Dean. His name is Dean  and there was something about the Dean's policies or beliefs that Jim didn't really like, but anyways he was talking to the Dean and then out of nowhere, some guy appeared and he threw a cream pie in the Dean's face. Then Jim thinks, “Wow, this would be a great story.” So, he goes back to the reporting room and he's talking with the editor. And then he writes up a story about the Dean but he kind of embellishes the details the little bit and he creates this superhero called the Pie Man. He creates this comic about the Pie Man and the Dean. The editor think it's great and he prints it on the front page and then - I don't know. A little bit later, Jim is walking on campus. He runs into this girl, Sheila, who’s also a student. She's the student body president. She's really friendly with the Dean and she wants to make drinking in public - she wants to ban drinking in public on the campus. Then a little bit after that, he goes to class and he has been flirting with this girl, Angela, for a while but he's not really sure if she knows if he exists. But one day, Angela taps him on the shoulder and she asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” Because at this point Jim has been making a bunch of stories about the Pie Man and it's been in the newspaper a lot. And so, Jim, he wants to impress Angela, so he says, “Yes, I’m Pie Man.” Then she says, “Wow, that's so cool. Let's go have drinks or something,” and that’s done. That was the end of the story. 
     The editor's name started with a D. It could have been Dwight. I’m not sure. I know in the beginning, the Dean, he wanted to get more wealthy people on campus at Fordham and apparently, some people say that was controversial. Yes, in the newspaper, Jim was just kept creating these scenarios where Pie Man would just pop up, save the day. He was kind of this superhero. I'm done.