At the beginning of the story, it starts with this man who went to Fordham University. He was a reporter, a writer, journalist for The Ram. He wanted to get the scoop on the dean, Dean McGowan, on the big issue of why he was going to be raising tuition past the inflation rate, which would weed out children that cannot pay for college, making it a very elitest institution more than it already is. He wanted to pose that question to him, so he went up to him and saw him, and before he could ask the question, this other person, later to be known as Pie Man, pied him in the face. The narrator of this, the reporter, completely ditched his initial question and was like, “Can you comment on what just happened?” being the man that pied him in the face. He said something along the lines of “Fuck off” or something like that. Regardless, it was somewhat profane. He ran back to the newsroom to his editor who later went on to win a Pulitzer surprise and he was like, “Guess what just happened?” The editor was like, “All right, crank out a story.” So, went to his desk. He was writing away. Reporters and writers apparently do this thing called “making shit up”, so he started to make shit up and he insisted on calling the person who pied the dean in the face, Pie Man. He said that he was wearing a cape. He even gave him a little catch phrase and said that he had a phrase that he said in Latin after he pied his victims in the face, and it translates roughly in English to “I am no animal,” or something with him - or “I am an animal.” Something with being an animal, but it’s in Latin. He emphasized the fact that it makes absolutely no sense. Then it was hit.  It made its rounds around the campus and then he gets a note from Pie Man, the person himself, saying, “I’m going to strike again. Come here if you want to report it or see it.” So, he goes by the library at Fordham. He’s waiting, and he sees Sheila, this girl who is the student council president or something. She’s peppy and has a cool spirit, which is rare according to him, and kind of annoying, and there’s a rumor going around that she sleeps with the dean on top of his desk every so often, which is why the dean likes her so much. But anyway, Pie Man pies her in the face, and he writes about that. He writes about a couple more stories when it comes to Pie Man and his adventures of pieing people on the face. Then one night, he’s out at a bar and he sees Angela, who is this girl that the narrator, the reporter, the writer has been flirting with but not really flirting with. More like he’s flirting at her, and she’s just there because he has no idea if she likes him or not. At this point, Pie Man and the story, there’ve been a couple more frontpage stories of Pie Man in his chronicles. So, word has gotten around all around campus and Angela – I mean, not Angela, the narrator goes up to the bartender and he's about to go buy himself a round of drinks, and Angela approaches him and she was like, “Okay. So, Pie Man, you seem to always know where he’s going to be and where he’s going to strike next,” and he was right about him. “Are you Pie Man? Is that you?” The narrator, he was like, “Oh, my God. I know that if I say yes, she’ll totally sleep with me.” The narrator really likes her, so that’s an option, but he was like, “Well, I do have a moral compass that would kind of be wrong,” but of course, he tells her that he is Pie Man because he’s a man. That’s what they do. Then he tells her, she’s impressed, and Angela is like, “All right. Well, why don’t you buy me a drink and tell me all about it.” That is the end of the story, I think. 