Okay. The story was - there was this guy speaking and he write as a journalist for the magazine or the, yes, the magazine newspaper The Ram at Fordham University. It starts with him meeting - I think it's the dean, professor’s name starts with a D. I don’t remember his last name, like Professor, something D. He was meeting with him because - they're asking him questions because he wanted to raise the Fordham tuition higher so middle-class students are less likely to attend and they can have a more wealthy boujee class. So, he's asking him questions and then he - I couldn't tell if he made up that he was picturing - if he was picturing this or if it actually happened. I think he was – no, I think it actually happened that a guy squeezes a cream puff on him, and he was covered in pastry stuff and then the journalists asked him to comment on the attack and he said - I think he said like no comment or something. Then he ran to his - a senior who is the I think, editor-in-chief of The Rams - of The Ram. He told him about it and he was like “Oh, you should write this up now.” or something like that. So, then he starts writing the story and he was saying that he was basically going to make up stuff in the story. So, he starts writing about the Pie Man and writes that he was in a cape and that he spoke Latin and his phrase in Latin was “I'm not an animal.” which didn't make sense. So, he made up this whole thing and published, I think, the first one and then he got an email or letter something from someone that said, “Meet me at Duane Steps” something. Then he went to go meet this guy who signed the letter as Pie Man but instead he ran into Sheila who was I think also a senior and she was one of those girls that was like boujee, elite, wealthy, and very reserved. Sheila helps the dean with the petition to end or just not permit drinking outside on campus and then he makes a joke about how he thinks Sheila and the dean were like also hooking up but he says, “Don't quote me on that or something” like whatever. Oh, what happened next? Then, I don't think he sees the dean, he leaves, he goes and writes more and then Pie Man blew up on campus and everyone was talking about Pie Man. He was feeling great. He did needed that. Then he went to a bar, and he saw this girl that he had been flirting with in class and then he was talking to her, and they were flirting kind of, but he thought they were really flirting but she had no idea that he liked her. Then they were talking and she asked him if it was - she asked him if he was Pie Man and he said yes and that was the end of the story. Let me try to think of other facts. I honestly don't really remember anything else about the story. I just remember that he went on, he talked a lot about how the line can be crossed when you're making stories and how he crossed one line already and then it just kind of escalated into this bigger thing. He talked about how the first line being crossed was already the cream puff being spilled on the dean. He also talked a lot about how wrong it was to have the tuition be increased. He makes a few jokes throughout the whole thing. I’m trying to remember what else you talked about. He talked about that he was Catholic and that's why the Latin phrase came to him and nothing out - and it didn't even make sense and he talked about - I'm trying to remember what else he talked about. I think that's the whole thing I remember. I'm trying to think about any other details. I remember he talked a little bit about the senior that was the Editor-in-Chief, I think. He said something about him that he was - I honestly don't really remember. I think I am done but I think I've to wait. “You must recall the story for at least four minutes for green circle to be on. Please continue beyond this time to complete your report.” I don't know if the circle is going to turn off after two more minutes, but I don’t know if it's been four minutes. I'm trying to think if I remember anything else, but I don't think I do. So, I am done.