The story begins with a man who seems to be at college named Jim, who is studying journalism and works for a student body magazine of some sort called The Ram. He's going to write a story. He’s walking before he runs into the dean of Fordham University. He interacts with the dean by asking him about his plan to raise the cost of tuition and how that betrays the values of Fordham University. Once he asks him this question, he notices a figure of some sort in the background sort of approach the dean and him while he's talking to him, the figure assaults the dean with a cream pie in front of Jim. At which point, Jim asks the dean if he cares to comment on this assault having not gotten a response to the previous question he asked about raising tuition because the dean got assaulted with the cream pie. The dean responds to Jim's question about the cream pie assault is, “Fuck you,” and then Jim leaves the dean to go back to the office of The Ram where he can write his story and talks to the editor about what just happened and recalls that the dean got assaulted by the cream pie and that he wants to write a story about it. So he tells the editor. The editor is like, “Okay, write the story,” and he writes the story but chooses to embellish what actually happened. He says that that's a tactic in journalism called making shit up and that you are not supposed to cross that line but he does. So, in his story, he makes it so that the figure that assaulted the dean is called Pie Man with a capital P and a capital M. Then he says that Pie Man assaulted the dean and then left or was fleeing the scene having said in Latin, “I am not an animal.” That's the story that he chooses to write. In which case, then the – Jim turns in the story to the editor and the editor says they're going to run it on page one of this magazine or article or newspaper, The Ram. After which, he, Jim, then gets a letter saying that he is going to – that someone - at first, it’s ambiguous. He's saying that someone is saying that they are going to be at this location at 2:00 PM. Once they are and that he's going to do something and it's signed Pie Man. At which point, Jim then goes to this location at 2:00 PM and watches Sheila, who is the student body president at Fordham University, exit the building. He gives us context to that, saying that she's the student body president and that she's the reason that Fordham University has a no beer or no drinking policy now, and that she is well-read and seems to be the type of student that the dean wants more of at Fordham University. He then suggests that the dean and Sheila are inappropriately acting with each other, not specifying in what way, but that that is purely a rumor and he will not accept any claims that that's actually something he said. Then he tells us that Pie Man assaults Sheila with a cream pie, at which point he then, Jim then writes a story about what happened saying the exact same thing that he said before with the dean about the Latin phrase and admitting that that might not have been what actually happened, but that that's how he imagined it happened or saw it happening. Oh, and he also has a photographer with him when he goes to this place at 2:00 PM who captures a photo of Pie Man. He attached that to the article. He then says that he goes to a bar where he sees this girl that he is flirting with or supposedly flirting with, and she goes up to him and ask him if he is Pie Man and he says that he thinks that if he admits to being Pie Man, this girl that he has a crush on is going to have sex with him. So, having not known who Pie Man actually is and having only seen him on a few occasions, when she asks him, “You seem to know where Pie Man is all the time. Are you Pie Man?” he says yes. Then she says, “Buy me a drink and tell me all about it,” and then the story ends. 