So, the story was about this student writer for the Ram which is a student newspaper at Fordham. He was walking one day when he saw the dean of Fordham and recently Fordham had raised tuition far above the interest rates which goes against Fordham’s philosophy that it should be accessible to all students including those in the middle class. This is what was being perceived as a clear attempt to really close itself off to students of higher class or to close itself off the students of lower class background and only really admit students of higher class backgrounds. So, he went up to the dean and asked him about this policy and ask him specifically “Doesn't this go against Fordham's policies?” and to that he said, “Listen here punk.” Which was a very unprofessional response from someone of such stature and then out of the corner of the eye - of his eye, the narrator, discusses how he sees a man appear and pie the dean in the face and then run off. He asked the dean what he had to say about the attack and the dean says, “Fuck you.” Then he goes to the senior editor or the senior - some guy, the senior, who is in charge at the Ram which is the student-run newspaper at Fordham and he tells him the story, tells him what he saw, tells him what happened, and the senior executive says. “Oh, the dean, that guy's a dick. Let's run the story.” So, he starts typing the story and then he talks about how he starts embellishing which he knows is also the same as making things up. So, he adds that the student was wearing a cape and that the student pied - sorry, cape and a mask and that the student pied the dean and then said something in Latin, ran off and quit the scene. The thing he said in Latin translated to “I am not an animal.” which as the narrator says makes no sense. So, then a few days after the paper ran which were actually ran on the first page because the senior executive liked it to so much, that the pie man as he was called, emailed him and said “Oh, I'm going to be doing this again, except this time I'm going to be on the Dean library steps at 2:00 p.m.” At 2:00 p.m. this student body president, I think her name was Sheila or something walked out. People didn't really like Sheila because she didn't really represent the main demographic of Fordham which he describes as like flannel-wearing, part-time job working individuals and instead I think he describes Sheila or the student body president as well-bred or something like that, well- raised. So, then Pie Man pies him or pies the student body president and this time wearing a cape and he runs off and once again the narrator says, “He says the thing in Latin, I'm not an animal.” It really becomes this huge thing because that story is run again and they run five stories, so five stories. It really becomes this huge thing on campus, and they repeat it in their classrooms and in their Latin class or no, not in the Latin, just in their classes. It becomes this a huge ordeal and people start dressing up like him. Also, one of the reasons they didn't like the student body president was because the student body president said that - or made a rule that they couldn't - they banned outdoor drinking. So, there were no more drinking at barbecues and she did it because it was of poor taste. So, a lot of people were really upset about that. So, then the narrator fasts forward, and he is in this bar and when he walks into the bar, she sees his girl in his Brit Lit class named Angela, I think. He mentions how he - how they had been flirting for two months, however he then proceeds to mention that he was really the only one flirting and he did turn away and which Angela probably didn't know who he was. So, he's kind of making fun of himself in the moment that he never really talked to her much. He says that he makes a mental note not to do anything about it and then goes up to the bar to order a round of drinks and he gets a tap on the shoulder. Angela comes up to him to his surprise and says, “Hey Jim, are you Pie Man?” So, he then goes on to talk about how his thought process in the moment and he thinks about how if he was Pie Man, Angela would probably have sex with him. So, he's weighing the pros and cons. He does it in this very drawn-out way of talking about what he was thinking. I don't remember exactly what he said, but afterwards he says that he told Angela that he was the Pie Man. So, then Angela taps him - or no Angela looks at him and says, “Oh, that's awesome. Buy me a drink and tell me all about it.” I think that's the end of the story there. So, we don't really know what happens after that but yes, he basically just lied about being Pie Man and kind of embellish the whole story to begin with. Yes. I'm done.