Okay. So, in the story, this guy, he writes for his high school paper. It’s called the Ram. Or I think it’s his high school. Would it be university? I’m pretty sure he’s in high school. Anyways. So, the dean apparently, he wants to raise tuition for their school to have more of the richer kids come to that school. So, he sees the dean walking by. He goes up to him and he’s like, “So, do you have anything to comment about raising the tuition?” So, the dean is like, “Listen, here – yes, I do. Listen here, you punk.” Before he can say anything, there’s a little figure coming from this corner of this guy’s eye and then that guy, he has pie in his hand with like shaving cream or whipped cream and he just slams that into the dean’s face.  So, the guy gives the dean some time to collect himself because he just got attacked by a pie  and so after, he’s like, “Okay. Would you like to comment anything about this recent assault?” The dean said yes. He’s like, “Fuck you.”  Yes. So, this guy, he runs over to his editor and the editor, he goes on to have some famous publish somewhere, and then he’s like, “Guess what I saw. I just saw the dean get pied in the face.” Then the editor’s like, “Yes. I love that because fuck the dean.” Yes. So, this guy, he goes on to write the story but then he tries to make stuff up, right? To get more of an interesting story, something more like the news anchors would – or newspeople would do. So, he gives this guy a name, Pie Man. So, he does capital P, capital M, whatever. Then once he’s done writing it, he made up some things too, right? The guy who pied the dean in the face, he was wearing a mask and he had a cape and everything. Yes. He had this whole entire saying in Latin that meant “I am not an animal” and the storyteller was like, “Yes, I said that because I’m Catholic and I don’t know anything else and the quickest thing I know is something in Latin.” Okay. Anyways, he gives it to his editor, the editor reads it and he’s like, “Yes, first page.” So, they published this paper and then everyone reads it and they’re all like, “Oh, my God. I love this.” This and that and whatever. So, a couple of days later, the storyteller, he gets a letter, right? Addressed to him. He opens it and he reads it and like, “Hey, if you want to see me.” It says like, “If you want to see me in action again, come to the library at this time.” It was signed Pie Man. So, the storyteller, he goes to the library. He witnessed another thing. They get a snapshot of it or something because I think there was some riot against beer. This girl was just going off about beer or alcohol or something like that. Yes. Then another pieing just happened. Yes. So, the newspaper, the Ram, ended up having a total of five stories involving Pie Man. So, the storyteller, he goes to a bar one time. He sees a girl that he’s been hitting on but she does not care about him at all in any way, shape, or form. He buys everyone a round of drinks because he’s like, “Yes, I feel so good about everything.” Right? Then the girl, she comes up to him and he’s asked something like, “You seem to know when Pie Man’s everywhere.” This and that. “Are you Pie Man?” Obviously, he isn’t. Pie Man doesn’t exist. He faked it and everything, but he’s like, “I know if I say I am Pie Man, this girl will have sex with me.” So, he’s contemplating it and he’s also like, “Well, I’m the one who came up with Pie Man in the first place. So, technically, I am Pie Man even though I’m not the one doing the pie,” and this and that. So, he turns to her and he says, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” She says, “Okay. Buy me a beer and tell me all about it.” He’s feeling all triumphant and everything. He’s like, “Yes, I’m going to get some tonight.”  Okay.  