The story starts with the narrator explaining he worked for the newspaper The Ram at Fordham, and he explains that he went to the dean to ask for a comment on suspected changing of who they were planning to admit or more carefully they were planning to raise tuition prices beyond what was called for in order to create a more prominent and somewhat fortunate student body. When he walked up to ask this dean for a comment, he, the dean, said something along the lines of, “You punk,” and not for long, there was someone who shoved a pie in the dean’s face. 
After that had happened, the dean was left standing there with pie in his face, and the narrator gave the dean a second to recuperate and then asked if he would like to comment on this most recent attack on him, and the dean said yes, and the dean then looked at him and said, “Fuck off,” or, “Fuck you,” rather. The narrator ran, he went and he ran this past his editor at that time of the paper, and the editor said, “Great. Write it up.” This editor will actually go on to win the Pulitzer Prize. After that, the narrator begins writing the story and he embellishes in his story, documenting how this man was actually - the person who pied the dean was actually wearing a cape and was saying a Latin phrase as he ran off, the narrator said.  He was making up the fact that he spoke Latin because he was Catholic, and this work came to mind. 
The editor runs the story and then the narrator gets an email from this individual in a cape and says, “Meet me at this specific time and place,” and the narrator goes and was able to see the Pie Man in action again. There was this girl, who the narrator liked and flirted with for a couple months, and this girl came up to the narrator and had asked, “How do you always know where Pie Man will strike? Is it because you are the Pie Man?” and the narrator then explains the pain of, “Well, do I tell her the truth like, ‘No, I’m not Pie Man. I don't believe I’ve ever been Pie Man,’” but he said that he knows that he would have sex with her if he lied, and so the narrator then clearly delivering in a humorous manner says that - he looked at her and he said, “Well, yes, I am Pie Man.”