So, a journalist from the Bronx works for a journalism company. He goes to interview the dean. I forgot the name, but last name starts with an M. He goes to interview the dean about the rising rent prices or tuition prices. All of a sudden, the narrator sees a blur from the corner of his eye, and it ends up being a guy who threw a pie in the dean’s face and runs away. The narrator finds it amusing, and then he asked the dean to comment on the situation, and the dean says like, “No comment.” I believe then the narrator goes back to his journalist office very excited, and he goes to his senior officer and tells him about the entire thing. The senior officer was like, “Oh, yes, go ahead and write the story.”
The narrator writes the story. However, he ends up embellishing the story, and the narrator mentions that he crossed one line, and that line was creating up a fictional character, Pie Man. Pie Man was apparently wearing a cape, which in the original, like what actually happened, he didn't wear a cape. Then Pie Man skipped away in triumph after throwing the pie in the dean’s face, and while he was running away, Pie Man said, “I am not a beast,” in Latin, and he goes, “Something non bestia.”
The narrator takes his story, which the first line or something will introduce his character, Pie Man. The senior officer loves it. It gets approved, sends it out, and then something on a Tuesday, Pie Man contacts the narrator that if the narrator wants to see something like that happen again. So, the narrator, he doesn't meet up with Pie Man, but he goes to the location of where Pie Man is going to come in. The narrator observes Sheila, who is a prim-and-proper student at Fordham, but the narrator says that she was working with the dean in order to ban drinking outside. No beer and barbecue, something like that. 
However, the narrator also says that Sheila is also very involved sexually with the dean. Then Pie Man comes up to Sheila and smacks her with a pie. However, Pie Man this time is wearing the Avengers suit, the cape, and he does say, “I'm no beast,” in Latin. The narrator goes back and he writes about the story again. Then I believe it happened a couple of times. Like he says he writes five copies of the story all written by him, published. Everyone is wondering who Pie Man is. It became the hot topic on the Fordham campus. Then one day, the narrator goes to a bar, and he sees a girl he's interested in, but the girl doesn't know who he is so he decides to do nothing. 
He does not decide to go up to the girl and talk to her. However, he believes to have flirted with her a couple of times. He goes to sit down at the bar to get a drink, and the girl he’s attracted to comes up to him and asked him how he knows when Pie Man is going to show up, and then she asks like, “Are you Pie Man?” The narrator thinks that if he says no – sorry, if he says yes, then they're going to have sex later that night, but if he says no, he's going to seem boring. So, the narrator - I don't remember what the narrator says exactly, but I do know that the narrator buys the person he's attracted to a beer, and they talked about it for the rest of the night.