In this story, the main character is a  in journalism in Bronx, New York, and he goes to Fordham University, and he is a part of The Ram Newspaper, or journalists group. So, he walks around campus always looking for a story, and Dean McGowan is the Dean of the school, and he has recently taken an initiative to allow more wealthy, well-bred students to attend the school compared to the current working class of the current history of working-class/lower-income students. So, our main character is walking and he sees him, and he's like, “Oh, I can snatch a story of the elusive Dean.” 
So, he whips out his notebook, he walks up to the Dean, and asks him, “Can you call on the recent initiative you’ve started regarding more whereby increasing the tuition way above inflation price?” and in this period, while he's asking the Dean this question, and the Dean hasn’t accommodated yet. He sees a man coming from the background holding a cream pie in his hand and slowly, it becomes this man standing behind him holding the cream pie to the side of him, and he hits the Dean in the face with a cream pie, and then darts off.
So now, the Dean just got hit with a cream pie, so he as a journalist, of course, gives him a minute or second to recuperate and he asked him, “Do you have any comments on this recent attack you’ve just faced?” Then, the Dean says, “I do,” and he says, “Fuck off,” or “Fuck you!” Then, the main character, he's like, “Oh, I have a scoop!” and he runs back to The Ram Newspaper office, and he goes to the head editor, and apparently his editor at the time would actually go on to win a Pulitzer Prize, and he tells him the story because he actually got a good scoop, and he's like, “Oh, that’s a good scoop! Dean McGowen is such a jerk. You go write it up.”
So, the main character or MC for short now, he starts typing up the story and as he’s typing it up, he just started to add some details to spice it up, or as reporters like to say and as he says “Make shit up”. So, he adds some details and he says, Pie Man – he calls the guy Pie Man, capital P, capital M, and he says he has a flowy red cape, and after he hit the Dean with a cream pie, he says, “” I completely butchered that, which means “I am not an animal.” It doesn't make sense, but he says he's Catholic so loud it comes naturally.
So, he writes it up, he brings it back to the editor, the editor looks over it, and he's like, “Pie Man? Great!” and publishes it. It says page 1. So, it's on the newspaper, the first page the story about Pie Man. So, it becomes a whole big – and it gets around, and then finally, he gets a letter in his dorm from Pie Man, who says, “Good story, I like the details, and if you like some more, then come to the staircases to Council Hall around 2:00 PM tomorrow - or later.” 
At that time, he’s at the spot and he brought a photographer from the  with him, and at that location, he sees a Sheila who is the student council president, and compared to everyone else at the school who's middle class, she’s well-bred, she's well-dressed, everybody who does part, she compared to everyone else who wears flannel and does a part-time job. She has school spirit. So she's actually  cooperation with the Dean on some stuff, especially of the no drinking on campus or in public outside or rule that was passed, and he's like, “Oh, that's a stupid rule,” because she thinks that drinking outside is not of good taste.
So, she's walking. Of course, there's also another rumor about her working with the president - I mean the Dean specifically on his desk doing stuff together, but that's a rumor and he says, “Don't spread that out because it's only a rumor and don't let that leave this room.” Back to the story, so as she’s walking, Pie Man pops out and pops her in the face with a cream pie, and darts off wearing a red cape flowing behind him and says, “” and leaves the scene, or at least that's what he says in his paper.
After that story, it just blows up Pie Man. People start to dress up like him, and be him, and all sorts of stuff, and it's just a bunch and bunch of these. So, finally, he was able to write five stories, or five stories where five major incidents where posted through The Ram Newspaper, and he was the writer of all of them, and it was a big day at . Then finally, he goes to a bar one night and he actually sees this girl that he knows, Angela – or no, Britney, and he's with - or they’ve been flirting for the past two months, or rather he's been flirting with her for the past two months. So, he's sitting at the bar, he goes to the bar to get a drink, he makes a little note a lot to think about it, and he's at the bar getting a drink, and she actually comes up and taps him on his shoulder and she says to him, “You know, we were just talking about you, and we were wondering how you always seem to know where Pie Man is. Are you Pie Man?” she asked. So, he’s thinking in his head, “Wow, the way she just asked me that question, the tone of her voice, if I say yes, she's going to have sex with me.”
So, he thinks in his head, he's like, “If I say yes, she's going to have sex with me, and it's like a straightforward question, so I give her a straightforward answer. I mean, I don't really know who Pie Man is, I've never seen him out of his cape. In a way though, I brought Pie Man to life though. He wouldn't be what he is without me writing the journal and paper about him. So, in a way, I’m Pie Man.” Of course, he looked at her and he finally says, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” and she’s like, “Oh, good. Buy me a beer so you can tell me all about it.”