Okay. So, the narrator who was from Fordham, he’s a journalist at Fordham University for the newspaper called The Ram. He was walking from class and then he ran into the dean. He goes up to the dean and – oh my god, why am I forgetting? This is like  I can’t remember. I’ll bring it up. But, from the corner of his eye, he sees a faint shadow which comes and pies the dean in the face. He asked the dean if he has a statement for being pied. He said, “Do you have a statement for this action?” Something along the lines of that. After he says that, the dean says, “Yes, I do. Screw you.” or something along the lines of that, and then he continues with his day.
So, as any good journalist would do, he made shit up, and with the shit he made up, he said that he’d titled the pier, Pie Man with a capital P and a capital M. He had the man pie him in the face, and then he would run away saying a quote in Latin. The narrator is Catholic, so Latin come very easy to him, but I could not tell you what the phrase meant, but it means like, “I am an animal” or “I am like animal.” Something along the lines of that. Then, he mentioned Sheila, who apparently was having intimate relations with the dean, but he sees her at a point and then I completely forget what happens there. He, then, receives an email from someone titled Pie Man. It says like, “If you want to see me in action, meet me on these steps like Tuesday or whatever, Thursday at this time.” He goes there and Pie Man, capital P, capital M, strikes again and walks away. He does his little heel click and says his Latin phrase and runs away which was very funny.
So, there’s this girl that he’s been flirting with named Andrea, the narrator, and he runs into her at a bar, and he pretends like any good flirter would do. He just pretends she’s just not there. She taps him on the shoulder and just straight up asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” He was trying to, as any average person who’s, again, trying to flirt and trying to impress their crush, he goes, “Yes, I am.” He goes like, “You can tell - I’ll tell you more about it later.” Well, I have to talk to Pie Man straight.
Now, let’s go back and remember what else I could have forgotten. Let’s see. He says it’s through the steps, so I could not tell you the steps name.  I’m not even at two minutes.  Okay. Let me keep remembering details. So yes, the paper is called The Ram. He’s a journalist.  Then, Andrea. There’s Sheila. Sheila was having intimate relations with the dean, but again, that’s like a so-called rumor. Okay.  Yes, I’m done.         