So, this guy, who worked with the Fordham Ram’s newspaper had a problem with his dean because he was raising tuition. So, one day he went to go confront the dean. He got the dean and asked him that if raising the tuition this much goes against like the moral code of the Fordham Rams, and then he said in a blur he saw somebody with a cream pie, and then all of a sudden, the cream pie was in the dean’s face. Then he waited a few minutes he said, and then asked the dean to comment on the latest attack and then dean’s response was, “Fuck you.” Then after that, he goes back to his editor and asked if he can write about this, and his editor says that the dean is a terrible guy, so to go ahead and write about it.
So, this guy starts writing about the dean, the president of Fordham or whatever, and starts talking about how he got pied in the face, but he decided to embellish a little bit. So he called the man Pie Man like a superhero and explains that he wore a cape, and he was clicking his heels three times and saying a phrase in Latin as he ran away that made no sense. Then he published it. It was put on the first page because of how good it was, and then a few days later, he got contacted from the Pie Man saying to meet him at a certain place if he wants to see him in action. So, he goes with his photographer to meet the Pie Man, and as he’s waiting to meet or waiting to watch Pie Man, he sees the student body president come out. I think her name is Sheila, and he said that Sheila is not like the typical student. She’s like the student they want to destroy or something like that, and so he waits for a little bit, and he sees time Pie Man come out in a cape and smashed the cream pie into her face.
Then a few days later he’s at a bar, and somebody comes up to him and asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” and he says that he knew if he said yes he was that she would let him have sex with her. So, he goes on about how that’s not right because he’s not Pie Man, and he’s only ever seen him, but he really did create Pie Man because he wrote the story and created the illusion that it was a superhero instead of just a random kid. Then he ends up his story by saying, “Yes, I am Pie Man,” and she says like, “Okay. Buy me a drink and tell me all about it.” 