So, this story starts off interestingly. It starts off by having this guy back in his days at school going to his principal and asking the question since his school adopted a new policy that would get rid of the low-income, hard-working students and replace them with the rich, snobby students with the rich families. He was a person doing the school’s paper so he asked the principal if this goes against the school's policy and what everything the school stands for. The principal responds very rudely and then seconds later, the principal gets run up on by another student and gets a pie full of cream to the face.
Then the same person asks what he thought about the pie to the face and again the principal exclaims negatively in a very rude manner. Then the student runs off to the room where editing is done by his senior and tells him what happened, and the editor, who is a senior, tells him to put that down and begins editing, and then the student, who interviewed the principal, he twisted the truth a little bit and fabricated this whole story into a more interesting one to put on the paper deeming it Pie Man. The story of Pie Man spread like wildfire. People afraid of people getting pie in the face, et cetera, et cetera. 
Then the story escalated towards the guy’s crush and him having a conversation with her, and then he exposed how he was flirting with her and she wasn’t really giving the same energy back. Basically, an unrequited flirting. That being said, what happened was he continued on with talking to his crush, and then the girl asks after having some careful conclusion that every single time the boy writes the paper, it's very detailed, that he knows exactly where Pie Man is. She asks him if he's Pie Man. Then the guy, in his head knowing that he made up the entire story, says he is Pie Man because in his mind, he thought that she would go out with him or have sex with him if he was Pie Man.
That conclusion didn’t play on his favor because what actually happened is she said, “Okay,” and then proceeded to tell him to do something. So, it really didn't work out for him. Pie Man was a lie. The paper was booming in the school, and the principal still ended up getting pie in the face. He didn't really get his crush because the crush did not care about him. She was a really popular girl in school or something like that. It just didn't work out for him.