I don’t know if it’s recording though. Is there a recording?        
Female:You just have to speak. 
Female:I know I have to speak. I don’t know. Let me see if I’m recording. So, basically, the story was about a journalist who grew up in the Bronx and he went to Fordham University, and he wrote for The Ram’s newspaper. Then, during that time the Dean of Fordham wanted to get rid of all the middle class working part-time students and he wanted to replace them with more elite, upper class people, because they wear flannels, and obviously, that was up to their standards of elitism. So then, he was going to go out, the journalist was going to go out to the Dean and be like, “Oh, tell me about it if you want to raise your tuition above inflation rates?” Then, a guy comes over, out of nowhere, and he has a cream pie in his hand, and he runs out, and he puts the pie, he slams the Dean’s face with the pie and then he runs away. 
So, then, the journalist goes back to the Ram’s building whatever and he’s like, “Oh, I want to write about this.” Then, he’s saying that, “Oh, the other guy at the newspaper place told him to do it,” so then he did it. But, he was like, “Oh, I’m going to cross a line like a journalists do.” and he’s basically faking, like adding more drama to the story. So, the journalist created a whole villain type thing. He was calling him the pie man. Then, he’s basically saying how the guy in the pie, after he run off, he said something in Latin, and then when he went for – after the Dean got the pie on his face, he waited for the Dean’s response. He was like, “Oh, how do you feel now after what just happened to you?” Then, the Dean responded by saying like, “Fuck you.” 
Then, at the newspaper, he handed it back to the editor or the guy reviewing it, and he put it on the front page of the newspaper and then it blew up, and everybody was talking about it. Then, the journalist receives some letter or like a random letter, and it’s saying, “Oh,” that he liked how he described Pie Man and that if he wants to see him in action again, to go to the steps of the Fordham library, I think, and then it was signed by Pie Man. So, then the journalist goes to the steps, and then he sees the girl, student president who the Dean really liked because she was one of the elite people and she banned drinking alcohol on campus because she believed that it didn’t look it was a proper etiquette and it wasn’t really classy. But then, the journalist says that he thinks that the Dean liked her also because they were having sex at his office.  I think that when the girl, the student president, went out, Pie Man comes wearing a cape, and then he grabs the pie and puts it on her face too, and then he runs away screaming the Latin phrase that the journalist, originally, said. Then, he writes about it again and it’s again the top story at Fordham Ram. 
Then, the journalist is at a bar, and then he’s at a bar drinking, and he sees this girl that he always liked and he took it as like they were always talking, but in reality, it was just him talking and trying to impress her. Then, she goes up to him. She’s like, “Oh, are you? You seem to know a lot about Pie Man. Are you Pie Man?” Then, he says hi. He’s like, “Um, I should tell her the truth,” but like the look on her face means that if I tell her I’m Pie Man, she wants to have sex with me.” So then, it turns out he tells her that he is Pie Man and then she’s like, “Oh, buy me a beer,” and then they were just talking and I’m done.      