There was an aspiring journalist that went to Fordham University out in the Bronx, and he was about to write a story and he met with the dean, dean McGowan. He tries to speak to the dean and he finds that the dean is kind of rude to him. Then, another student approaches the dean with a cream pie and pies him in the face. The guy who was on the story knew nothing better than that would be a good story. You know how the dean is, thinks from foul language and he’s very nice. He was like, “This is a perfect story.” So, he goes and writes the story about it. He decides that a little embellishment never hurt somebody, and what’s journalism without a little bit of a lie? 
So, he begins to write the story about the dean and the guy that pied him and he thinks that a good way to get attraction in the story would be to name the pier none other than Pie Man, and that Pie Man came dressed in a cape and a mask. He decides that Pie Man had a slogan, something in Latin, because the storyteller said that he was Catholic and that came natural to him. So, Pie Man has a slogan, I guess you would say whenever he would pie someone. The storyteller’s friend who was a big guy that also worked at the journalism paper said, “Yes, the dean sucks.” Like, “Let’s run this story. Page one.” So, the story gets run on page one. Pie Man. He gets a note from Pie Man saying, “Meet me at the steps of Duane Library.” He goes there and there’s someone named Sheila who was the student body president, and that Sheila was always filled with school spirit and always had something to say.
So then, the storyteller knows that he’s kind of created the story. He’s created a plot line, and he believes that the dean had been seeing Sheila, the student body president. 
Anyway, he jumps forward to he was at a bar on a night out after a few different Pie Man stories, and he sees some girl that was in his Brit Lit class who he starts to talk to, who he says he had been flirting her for two months, or at least, he thought, and she turns to him and asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” He said that if he said yes, she would be like she would go out with him and he had to have the internal conflict of whether he’d just say yes or whether he should continue to kind of follow his storyline. So, he knew that saying yes would get him some sort of attention. He says, “Yes, I am. I’m Pie Man.” and this girl says, “Buy me a beer and tell me about it.” I’m done.    