Jim was - seems like he was an undergrad at Fordham University, and he was in the journalism department at Fordham. He was - I think he was part of a club there, and he was trying to write - he was, you know, trying to write an article, and he wanted to write about the dean, his name I forgot. And while he was asking the dean a question, this - I'm assuming a student, ran out from the corner of his eye, of Jim's eye, and he smashed a pie in the dean's face, and then Jim asked the dean, “What's your response to this recent attack?” and the dean swore. So then, Jim ran back with this part of - like, a story, to his – it’s like the senior of the – what’s the name of organization? The senior did not like the dean at all, and he told him, “Write the story.” But Jim also - like, Jim wrote the story, but then, he also improvised, and embellished a little, and he mentioned that this is what journalists call lying, and they tried to not do that. But he embellished, and he said that the - he called the man, Pie Man, and that he says some Latin phrase after his attacks, when he's running off from the scene. So then, the article gets out there, and then Jim gets a letter from Pie Man, who says that I'm - like, he's going to carry out another pie attack at the library on Tuesday, and I think the afternoon. Jim and his photographer went there, and sure enough, they see Pie Man carrying out his attack on, I think, the student body president. He mentions - Jim mentions that the dean really wanted more of this student body president, because she - she just embodied school spirit and wasn't working class, like it didn’t have part-time jobs. Jim mentioned that she was well bred. He also mentions that the dean seems to have a lot of those girls on his desk, which I'm not very clear on the meaning of that. But anyway. Then later on, when - oh yes, and then Jim had five stories published with the - by The Ram, all of them written by him, about Pie Man, and everyone started dressing up like Pie Man at Fordham, and – yes, he became pretty - it became a pretty popular thing, like Pie Man was essentially a mascot. And then, later on, like, a few years down the road, Jim is in a bar and he sees Angela, who he was – like, flirting with her on two months, and he tells himself he's not going to engage with her because he feels like it's a one-way street. But then, Angela engages with him, and she asks him, “Are you pie man? Because it just seems too much of a coincidence if…” - like, “You're at the scenes of where Pie Man attacks,” and he seems to know exactly where Pie Man is going to be. He’s very attracted to Angela, so in the end, he says, yes, that he is Pie Man. 