Okay. So, this story takes place in, in the case of the narrator, I think he’s from the Bronx – Bronx, New York. He is an aspiring student journalist studying in Fordham University. He writes papers for the student journalist club, some kind of news press run by students, I think. It’s called The Ram. One day, he is outside - he’s in Fordham University, I assume, and then he runs into his dean, Dean Grandshaw? It starts with a G. He remembers that the dean - the Fordham University was thinking about - they were thinking about raising the tuition prices above inflation level because the school wanted to encourage students from wealthier families and less of the students that were from middle-class backgrounds into the school. So, the guy, I think it was Dave - I forget, Dave, John, whatever. He takes his notepad out, I think, and he goes up to Dean Grandshaw, whatever, and he asks the dean to comment. He asked the dean, “Is it true that Fordham University will be raising the tuition prices for the university, and if so, whether this will be a betrayal to the sort of mission or the” - how do you say, like the mission statement, sort of ethos, am I using that word correctly, “of Fordham University?” The dean is in a rush and he’s kind of mad at this question, so he turns to the kid, the person that’s telling the story, and he goes, “Listen here, punk,” and right at that moment, he noticed - the person, the kid - notices behind him a figure creeping up. This figure is holding - he doesn’t recognize his face, but this figure is holding a cream pie, and the dean just gets slapped with the pastry, the cream pie, right in the face. The guy runs away, gone, and then so the kid, I’m just going to call him David. David turns back to the dean and asks, “Do you care to comment on this recent attack that you have just undergone, the cream pie?” Then the dean says, “Yes,” and then his response is “Fuck you,” the two words. After that, the dean just turns away and walks away. David’s all giddy. He goes back to the, I assume, the office of The Ram because he’s got scoop. He goes to his senior executive president or whatever of The Ram News Press, who is named Jim Dahmer, David – D or P starting last name. I guess this person also won a Pulitzer Prize, some kind of award starting with a P that I do not know how to pronounce. I assume it’s for journalism. He tells this James, Jim, John person the scoop and his senior is like, “Great.” He replies like, “Dean G person is a dick, write it down. Write the story out.” So, David starts writing his story, but he decides to add some embellishments to the story which, in the writing world, I guess they call it making shit up. So, what he does is – as the story goes, he asked the dean the question, the dean gets cream-pied, he asks the dean, “What do you have to comment on this?” Dean says, “Fuck you,” or whatever. He adds that the person that cream-pied the dean was wearing a cape, and he was this sort of masked figure, sort of like all vigilante-like or whatever. When he ran off, he kind of clicked his heels and danced a little tiny, kind of very flourish-full way of exiting, and he also yelled out - I think it’s “Ego sum non vestia,” which means “I am not an animal” in Latin. David decided to add this Latin bit in because he’s Catholic, and Latin comes to him easy or whatever. So, that’s the scoop. He sends it in, it goes on The Ram, first page because the senior person really likes it. It goes basically viral on campus and then everyone is loving it or whatever. Then David, he gets a note. He also names the person that cream-pied, he gave him a name, Pie Man or PM in capital letters. So, Pie Man writes an anonymous letter to David saying, “Hey, go meet me at the Dwayne or the James Rudley, DM Library, at 3:00 PM.” Just that, signed Pie Man. So, David goes. He’s with another Ram photographer and they’re sitting at the steps. They’re waiting to see the student president of Fordham University who is this person named Shia Buluth, Bullough, or something. It sounds like Shia LaBeouf, but that’s not the name. She is sort of like the kind of person that - he describes her as the kind of person that Fordham University is trying to get more of. She comes from a higher, more fine background, and she is really, I guess, goody-two-shoes. She’s the student president. She kind of has to be. He implies that she and the dean have been getting together in his office, which he says is a rumor. So, she’s walking - she also passed this sort of ban on outdoor drinking, and it was called “no beer at barbeques” or something like that. Obviously, a lot of people were very much against that because it’s college and way to be a party-pooper kind of vibe. So, yes, she’s not the most popular because of that. So, she’s walking up steps, and then that’s when Pie Man in a cape of appears with a cream pie and just cream-pies her in the face. She’s got cream running all over her, and then as he runs away, I guess, he clicks his heels or does a little dancey-dance thing to get away and they he yells just as David had written in the scoop on page one, “Ego sum non vestia,” “I am not an animal.” So, that’s the scoop for the next article that comes out of the Pie Man and it’s got a picture of Pie Man creaming the president of the student body, and yes, the story really took off. I think David had written five scoops, stories total on Pie Man, and he just became sort of like this on campus micro celebrity. People would dress up as Pie Man and people would start using his catchphrase, the Latin one, in the classrooms all that. Yes, that was pretty cool. So, one day, David finds himself at a bar. It was, I guess, a bar with like really cheap beer. Makes sense. He sees his university crush, Angela, in the corner and he decides – they’ve been flirting with each other, which then David corrects that he’d actually been flirting with her. She doesn’t really even know that he exists, but he sees her in the bar and he decides, “I’m not going to talk to her,” because he was shy or all that and then so he sits, takes his drink whatever, and then he feels a tap on his shoulder, and he sees Angela that’s tapping the shoulder. Angela asks him, “Hey.” It was like all “Hey, are you the person that wrote about Pie Man?” Then she asks him, “Are you Pie Man?” At that moment, he realizes this is his chance. If he says yes to this, for sure, Angela was going to sleep with him, but then he considers that he’s thinking about, “Oh, technically, with all the embellishments he’s made, all the making shit up that he’s done, technically, he did create Pie Man because the first Pie Man didn’t do all of those kind of Latin stuff or the cape or the clicky dance-dance thing. Even though it would wrong to say, in the end, he looks at Angela and responds, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” The story ends there, and there’s clapping in the background or whatever. Okay, 