The story is with the narrator talking about his first instance as being a journalist at The Ram, which is Fordham’s newspaper. The first occurrence he had was talking to this dean and essentially the dean wanted to promote having more - what’s the proper word? More affluent people going to the school or a certain caliber of people that’s not really represented currently at the school, which is currently working-class students. So, essentially, the dean was saying, “What is your stance on this current occurrence of that happening in our school?” While he was doing that, the dean got cream-pied by someone. He turned the question to the dean about, “So, what’s your thoughts on now being cream-pied in the face?” He was like, “Fuck off.” He decided to write an article on this, which he went to the senior student in the team of The Ram who won a Pulitzer Prize later on, who told him to run the story. By running the story, he said he’s going to do some embellishments on it and the embellishment he added was making him more of a superhero by giving him a catchphrase like, “I am not an animal,” but he said it in Latin. This guy was wearing a cape. The senior person loved the story and decided to run it. After that story got ran, he got an email from the said person saying that, “Oh, do you want to see more of this content? Meet me at this time, at 3:00, by this area.” He went there and saw Sheila. Sheila is the type of person the dean wants to see more of in the school and, allegedly, had sexual encounters or sexual relations with the dean. Rumors has it. After that, Shiela was the victim. Shiela also got cream-pied in the face. That story was once again run on the newspaper. Also, Shiela was the person that didn’t want to have drinking nearby campus so that’s why she is kind of disliked in the school and that’s why she got cream-pied in the face. After that, I don’t know what time duration had past, but he went to the bar over at the campus and there is a girl he had a crush on or allegedly was flirting with. He said they were flirting together, but it seems as though it was very one-sided with mostly him flirting and her possibly not knowing who he is or have a recollection. To his surprise, she came up to him and was like, “Oh, are you the Pie Man since you always know where he strikes?” In that moment, he was like, “Oh, she would want to get with me if I say yes.” He decides to say yes and then she was like, “Oh, good. Now tell me all about it.” That’s how the story essentially ends. 