The story begins with a guy who used to work for a college newsletter at Fordham University, which was known as The Ram. He saw the dean exiting a building and was like, “I might as well ask him question and interview him.” So, he goes to the dean, and this was during a time when tuition rates were going to be increased, which opposed and contradicted one of the programs and values Fordham presented. So, he asked the dean, “How do you feel about this situation raise and don’t you think this will contradict with the program where it’ll help lower-income-funded students?” The dean responds with something, and then out of the corner of his eye, he sees a blur and it’s somebody who has cream pie in their hand, and smashes it into the dean’s face. The suspect flees, and no one knows who the suspect is. The dean is covered in cream, and the narrator lets the dean recover with a cream on his face and is like, “Well, do you have response to being creamed in the face?” The dean is like, “Fuck you,” and he’s like, “Okay.” So, the narrator rushes to the publishing office of Fordham University and talks to the head director who then goes on to win like a Pulitzer Prize, which is super cool. His name is Kevin or David, I think. He’s like, “I just ran into the dean, and this is what happened…” He gives him the whole inside scoop. The director is like, “Write a story. He’s a dick. Write a story about this.” He’s like, “Okay.” So, he writes a story. He gives the suspect a name, which is Pie Man, capital P. He gives him an outfit. He just creates a whole persona around him. He gives him an outfit, he gives him a cape, he gives him a catchphrase in Latin which just means, “I’m not an animal.” The director goes over it, and he’s adding details to this that are not actually true and basically makes stuff up, which is totally not recommended, but he does it anyways. So, he goes to director, shows him it, and he’s like, “Front page. We have to put it on the front page. This is the best story ever.” So, it gets published. It’s a huge hit. Then the narrator gets an email saying, “Hey, nice story. I’m going to be in front of the library at 3:00 PM. Meet me there.” It’s from Pie Man, so obviously, the narrator goes, and he brings a photographer this time, and this time the target is Angela – no, not Angela, wrong name - is Sheila who is their class president and is rumored to have a little thing with the dean because she is the student that the dean would want more of in Fordham. Together, they created the ban on outside drinking, which is basically the infamous rule of no beer at the barbecue. So, Pie Man comes and he pies her in the face with another cream pie. This time, he makes his escape with a cape flowing and with his Latin catchphrase, “I’m not an animal,” and there’s a photo of it. It is also a great story, becomes front page, and Pie Man is just the talk of Fordham. So, there are about four more cover or front pages on Pie Man throughout his run, throughout his reign, throughout his career. There’s this girl, Angela, who the narrator has a crush on. He made a note, he was like, “Yes, not going to talk to her.” Then he feels the tap on his shoulder, and to his surprise, it’s Angela. He’s like, “Oh my god,” and she’s like, “So, you just seem to be writing all the stories on Pie Man. You just seem to know where he always is and when he’s going to strike. Are you Pie Man?” The narrator thinks about it and is like, “Oh my god. If I say yes to this question, she’s going to have sex with me.” So, he’s thinking and he’s like, “Well, I’m basically the person who created Pie Man. I gave him an identity. I gave him this narrative, persona, these details. I essentially created this character, so at the end of the day, I am Pie Man. I am the core and essence of Pie Man.” So, he answers yes. I’m done.