So, this guy who grew up in the Bronx was practicing journalism and he wrote for the Ram because he went to Fordham. There was this recent controversy where Dean McGowen, I think his name, the dean, there were rumors that they wanted to make more higher class, like more wealthy people be the predominant student body at Fordham. So, the narrator goes up to Dean McGowen and was like, “Dean McGowan, how do you feel about - is the tuition actually going to go above the inflation rate and all that stuff?” He's just being a journalist asking him questions. As that's happening, suddenly this person walks up to Dean McGowen and pies him and basically runs away. Then the narrator is like, “Dean McGowen, how do you feel about that recent attack?” The dean is like “Fuck you.” The narrator thinks he has such a good story so he runs back. He talks to the senior who eventually wins a Pulitzer Prize and he’s like telling him about the story and how it’s going to be so good. So, the senior is like, “Oh yeah, go write it. That guy is bad,” and all that stuff. So, as he's writing the story, he starts making up some details and he calls the attacker Pie Man with Capital P, Capital M, and he says that he came in with a cape. He attacked the dean and then as he was doing that, he ran away and he said this thing in Latin that translates to “I am not an animal.” He writes the story and then the senior reads it and he's like, “Okay, front page.” So, everyone kind of reads it. Pie Man contacts the main guy. So, the next event that happens is that there's this girl named Sheila, and as the narrator says, she is well-bred and she's school spirited. So, basically, she was working with the Dean to do a policy that bans outdoor drinking so no beer at barbecues and people didn't like that. One day, Pie Man comes back and makes an attack and attacks her and stuff. The narrator said that the Dean had a lot of people like Sheila, like on his desk, and that he - that the dean wanted more people like Sheila to be at Fordham. So, back to the thing, what happened with Sheila, with the Pie Man, he writes another story and he says the same Latin phrase. He eventually writes five stories about Pie Man. So then, there's this girl named Angela that the main guy likes that she kind of doesn't feel the same. So, he’s at a bar and then Angela approaches him from behind. She's like, “How do you know where Pie Man always is? You seem to be right there.” Then she's like, “Oh, are you Pie Man?” Then the main guy is like, “If I say yes, she's going to have sex with me.” The main guy doesn't even know who Pie Man is outside of the cape. He's never seen him without the disguise on. He's like, “Oh, I basically made Pie Man who he is.” So, he tells Angela, “Yes, I am Pie Man.” Then she's like, “Okay, well, go get me a beer and tell me all about it.” That's how it ends.     Okay. I had to do it for at least 4 minutes? Okay. Oops, I'm sorry.  What else is there that happened?  The Latin phrase. There's something like – oh…