The story begins with some music in the beginning and then it fades out into a speaker's voice. He talks about his start in journalism, how it started in the Bronx. He was writing for the Rams which is for Fordham University. He was at something at Fordham. I can't remember it right now, but he was at something in Fordham. The dean came in, and he went up to ask the dean something. The dean referred to him as a punk, and then some guy from next to him pied the dean. The next thing he saw was that the dean had cream all over his face. It had turned that the guy next to him had cream-pied the dean. Then the narrator said that he’d been asked. He gave the dean a few seconds or minutes to collect himself, and then asked how it feels to have been cream-pied or like, “What was your statement on it?” Then he went to the narrator. I think his name was Jim. Went to the editor and told his editor about this, and the editor was like, “Oh, good. The dean’s like a dick. Go write your stories.” Then Jim or the narrator wrote the story, gave it back to the editor, and the editor put it on the first page of The Ram, but Jim was saying that this is where he did a little bit of what journalists call making shit up, I think is what he said. So, he made up this guy as Pie Man, capital P, capital M. He wore a cape. Yes, so he kind of like fudged the truth a little. Then it was going all around the school and Pie Man was super well known. There was another instance, where someone was pied. Oh, Sheila or Shayla, she was different than the other Fordham students. The dean actually wanted to enroll more students like her. The narrator says that she was - the dean was seeing a lot of her especially on his desk, in his room, basically insinuating that they were hooking up. Then the narrator was like, “But don’t repeat that. I would never say that. Don't let that leave this room.” He was talking to her, and then Pie Man pied her and then went off. This is where he has the cape and that false image. So, there were, I believe, five stories written about Pie Man all by the narrator of the story. Oh, he didn't like Sheila because she tried to banned drinking outside law which was like no beer at barbecue. And then – sorry. That was like a backtrack. So, anyways, he was out and saw this girl, I think her name is Angela from his class, that he had been - that they had been flirting or at least he had been flirting with her. She came up and was asking him like, “Oh, you always seem to know where Pie Man is and when he's going to strike. Are you Pie Man?” The narrator knows - he knows he's not Pie Man, but he technically created Pie Man. She wouldn’t know who Pie Man was without him, so technically, doesn't that make him Pie Man? Also, he knew that if he said he was Pie Man, she would have sex with him. So, he did, he said that he was Pie Man. She said, I think it was like, “Great. Now, buy me a beer and tell me all about it.” Then that's how the story ended. 