This guy is a journalist, and he started off in as a reporter in the Bronx Fordham University for the Rams. He got his first story from what he started – not his first story. Well, he started off – anyway. He’s talking to the dean about raising the tuition past the price of inflation. The dean, Dean McGowan - McAllen or McGowan, I couldn’t quite pair who was the k sound or the g sound. But he goes, “Listen here, punk,” and then somebody comes in and then throws a cream pie in his face. Then, he knows. “Any comment?” and then McGowan goes, “Fuck you. Yes, fuck you.” Then, he run - the narrator, I think his name is Jim Dwyer, or his boss, who was a senior and who went on to win a Pulitzer, was like he ran back and said, “Hey, can I write the story?” The guys says, “Dean McGowan is a dick,” blurted out. Then, he writes it up and he’s saying he was writing the story and then he decided to embellish it, which is something that a journalist call making shit up and it’s typically frowned upon, but he did it. Then he called this person Pie Man, capital P and capital M, and said that Pie Man was wearing a cape and he had a catchphrase too, which was I think it was Latin. I think it’s [Foreign Language], which translates to “I am not a beast,” which the narrator said. It also doesn’t make sense. When he was walking away, he clicked his heels. Anyway, this became a sensation. The guy loved it. His boss loved it and then put it on the front page. Anyway, since he gets a note later on signed by Pie Man saying that “Hey, if you want to see me strike again, then come to this spot,” and so he does. When he comes out, he sees a girl. Her first name is Sheila. I think her last name was Beale who nobody really liked. She was the head of the student body, and he said that she wasn’t like the rest of them who wore flannels and work part-time jobs, but she was “well-bred”, and she was the kind of student that Dean McGowan really liked and wanted to see more of, and then he says that there’s a rumor that he, the dean, and then Sheila were having sex with each other. He said, “Oh, but don’t spread that past that room,” which was a joke, but because as she had worked to make the - she had work to make a rule with the dean about there couldn’t be any alcohol on campus or no drinking on campus or there is no more drinking at barbecues or whatever, and stuff like that. So, Pie Man comes up and he throws a pie in your face and he’s wearing a cape and he says [Foreign], I think that the one. [Foreign Language] and runs away. At least that’s what the narrator puts in the story the next day. So, they ran five Pie Man stories about this, and later on, he’s going to a bar and he sees a girl named Angela, that I think is from his Lit class, and he said he’d been flirting with for 2 months, or it was the  where she was kind of flirting where he wasn’t sure she knew he existed. Then, he went and sat down at the bar, and she came up to him and said, “Are you the Pie Man?” By the way, the Pie Man, the first one that she said that was the first “crossing of the line” when he made the first lie. She asked if he was Pie Man, and then he goes in this whole thing in his head, he’s like, “Aren’t I Pie Man? I really created, and he wasn’t this - he was a Pie Man before me. I gave him the costume, the name, blah blah blah.” When Pie Man became very popular, people started wearing costumes of Pie Man, they said his catchphrase in classes and stuff like that. Anyway, back to this moment where Angela is asking him a question, asking him “Are you Pie Man?” He says he knows that if he says yes, she’ll have sex, which is gross, on him for considering lying to have sex. But anyway, and then he is thinking to himself, “Aren’t I Pie Man? I created him,” and all this stuff, but then at the end, “No, I’m not Pie Man.” This is a pretty simple question, but he lies anyway so he can have sex with her. 