Okay. The story is about this man in Fordham’s journalism or newspaper club. He’s in there, right, and he walked by the dean, who is an awful man, as his friend said he’s a dick. I mean, not his friend. The guy that smashed him with the whipped cream pie said he’s a dick. Basically, this was as a result of him, i.e., the dean, trying to raise tuition so that they could reconstruct the student body of Fordham from a more - I guess, a more regular family income to a higher family income for the students. Basically, they want richer students. By increasing their tuition, they were trying to get that. Basically, while he’s about to go up to the dean and speak to him, this guy comes out of nowhere with the whipped cream pie and he hits the dean in face. Then the guy who’s narrating the story goes to the dean and goes, “Would you like to comment on this?” and the dean says, “Fuck you,” I’m pretty sure. Then, the narrator goes back to his student - what is it, the newspaper thing, with – and he sees this other guy who works there who is also a senior in college, and he’s like, “Okay, this just happened. I’m going to write about it.” He wanted, i.e., the narrator wanted to get more attention/coverage on this paper – sorry, on this article, so he thought of a nickname with the help of the senior that he’s working with in this club, i.e., paper publisher, whatever, and they end up dubbing the dean as Pie Man. So, there’s like more capital on it because it’s like a little - it’s an easier name. It’s funny. They published it and it gets on to the first page of the paper and everyone reading it, from what I recall, do not remember it to - they didn’t read the newspaper think of Pie Man and think of the dean, so there’s chatter going around thinking about who Pie Man is. And basically - who else? There was this - a woman, like a secretary. She was, I guess, having an affair with the dean, and she was also trying to abolish drinking on - outdoors, like school - around school or something for the students. Basically, just - I guess, a rumor going around that the dean was sleeping with her or she was sleeping with the dean, i.e. - what else? Yes, out of spite, everyone didn’t like her because of this thing she was trying to pass. Basically, the narrator - the next part of the story, the narrator is going to a bar on campus and he sees this girl that he really likes and he’s been eyeing for a while, they’ve been flirting back and forth. She asks him about Pie Man and then she goes, “Who is he?” The way she asked it made him think, “Oh, wait. If I answer that I’m the Pie Man I might get her favor, she’ll want to sleep with me,” basically, I guess, get him - get closer to her in that way. So, he ends up agreeing to - telling her that she is the Pie Man. I mean, sorry, he is the Pie Man. She goes, “Okay, cool. Now, buy me a drink.” He ends up buying her a drink. I guess he was happy with that outcome because that’s what he wanted, to get with her. I can’t recall much other than the fact in the beginning of the story, they were talking about how, I guess, this program at Fordham was very illustrious and well-known, that there is a general dissatisfaction with the dean by the student body, as well as the secretary who the dean was sleeping with because of her policies about trying to ban drinking, and he - yes.  I can’t think of any extra details. I feel like that was the main gist. I lost track while listening to it. I think I’m done, but I don’t know if I can click forward after I - until the dot is gone. So, I think I’ll wait here until the four minutes are finished.  But  