So, Joe is reading a letter and he says like, “Wow,” or something like that, and her sister looks up. His sister's name is Clara. She looks up from the newspaper. She's reading and she's like, “Is it about our father's business? What's happened?” He's like, “No, it's not about that, but this is going to change my life.” She's like, “How so?” He says, “Well, I didn't think I’ll retire from the baseball team so soon.” Well, he says leave the baseball team so soon, I think, and she's like, “What do you mean? You helped them win the pennant.” He's like, “Oh, don't worry. I think I’ll get a lot of money.” She's like, “How are you going to get all this money?” He says, “Oh, with this pitching arm,” and he does like a practice round up and swing with his arm, and then while he's doing that his mother, Mrs. Madison, she comes up. She's coming to water some flowers in a planter box out the window. She has this pitcher of water with her. As she's entering the room, his arm swings and it hits the pitcher, and it shatters all over the floor and water is everywhere. She's like, “What is happening? It's too early. Are you like practicing right now?” He says no. As he's going to get stuff from around the puddle, I think there's another letter with feminine handwriting which his sister picks up on. As he's about to tell his mom about the baseball letter, her sister is like, “Can I read that second letter?” He's like, “Maybe later.” He tells his mom basically what the letter was about. It was a letter from a man called Mr. Gregory and he's the owner of a national baseball league, St. Louis Cardinals, I think. They basically offer Joe a lot more money and stuff and it's great. His mom was like, “You have no say in this decision, you don't really have a choice?” He says “No, baseball is really highly organized. That's why it's successful.” He explains how it works. He's in a small team like a minor league team, I think. While he's in there, he can't go to other teams, I think. You need the permission of the team that he's currently on, but since this is from a major league like national team, they have precedents so they can just snatch him up if they want to. He's like, “I don't really see any flaws in the system and even if I try to, I still think it's fine. I'm glad to be making more money and fame, hopefully. I know it's going to be hard work, but I'm willing to put the effort in.” Then his sister presses him about that second letter again with the feminine handwriting. He's like, “Okay, fine. To satisfy your curiosity. I'll open it right here.” He takes out a pocketknife. He opens it. It's from this - he's like, “It's from an admirer or whatever.” It's actually from this girl called Mabel Varley, I think, and she's like, “We’re coming to town. I'm coming to town with my brother, Reggie.” They're basically going to come on a train today. They’re both - Clara and Joe are excited about this, and they look out the window and it’s snowing outside. He says, “I'm going to go down to the station and see when they're going to - see like if they're…” To greet them basically, I think. He's like, “Do you want to come along Clara?” She says, “No, thank you.” When he gets to the station, he waits and then the station master after a bit is like, “You probably shouldn't wait for that train.” He's like, “Why? What happened?” and he gets all worried that it got into a wreck. He has this terrible mental picture of his friends in a wreck. The station master is like, “Oh, no, it wasn't a wreck. It was just snowing and they’re probably not going to come for a long while.” He's like, “Oh, God, what am I going to do? How am I going to help my friends?” Oh, and before he leaves, he's like, “I'm happy to see him.” I think him being Reggie Varley. His sister Clara is like, “Oh, no. You mean her?” as in Mabel Varley, and he's like, “Oh, don't…” He basically gets upset at her teasing for a little bit. I think also while he's on the way to the station, he thinks about his new job, basically, at the St. Louis Cardinals and he also thinks about Mabel Varley. 