Okay. The story began with a teacher. She wanted to recreate the Oregon Trail for her students. She was a third-grade teacher and she set out the task for herself to create the Oregon Trail and make it a live experience or game, so to speak, and to sort of give them a better understanding of how it was on the Oregon Trail. She took them for a walk, I think it was in Manhattan, and she went like 40 blocks, two miles-ish, somewhere in that range. She was saying it’s not really that far but it’s really far for a nine-year-old. Pardon me. They were thirsty, and one kid was saying, “There’s a water fountain right there,” and then she was like, “No. There were no water fountains on the Oregon Trail,” but she didn’t want to get calls from parents pertaining to their child being withheld from being hydrated. So, they found a stream. From there, if I’m not mistaken, they went back the next time they had class and she looked up different names of people that actually died on the Oregon Trail and gave the last names, I believe, to the children. They used their real first name but they had to use the last names of people who actually died on the Oregon Trail. The game was progressing, and it seemed to be a big hit in her class. The running theme was a lot of children were saying, “Can they die on the Oregon Trail,” “Will they die,” or things of that sort. So, they set out and I think it was pretty peaceful up until they got into the mountains. That’s when the student, Katie, I believe, that her legs stuck under the wagon. She got free but she had an infection. Then, she had to roll again to see what would happen and the infection got worse. At this point, the teacher was regretting like putting those chances or writing those chances into the game. One student was an actual doctor came to the front of the class and ended up saving Katie. She also had to roll again and the only way that she would die would be if she rolled a six. When she did not, she rolled a three. I think that is the gist of it that I remember. She said that the class, it was a big hit with them. They loved the game, and they’re all cheering like the end of Apollo 13. She ended up actually seeing Katie on the street one day, I think it was Broadway, and they recognized each other. She said Katie looked the same but that she had just been stretched but she recognized her instantly. Katie also recognized her. They hugged and embraced. Katie asked, “Do you remember the time that she almost died in Oregon Trail?” She said yes, of course she does and that was it. 