Basically, she grew up in Rhode Island, and her family was 25 miles from the Kennedys. They always had a fascination with the Kennedys and always thought that they were similar to them. Then one night, after coming back from Thanksgiving dinner, JFK’s 10th anniversary assassination, the news of that, is on the radio, and then she starts crying. Her sister is like, “Oh, dad, she’s crying.” I think her name is Mikayla, I’m not sure. Then, the dad’s like, “It’s okay to cry. It is justified.” Then, they go on a beach vacation with her four aunts and her two cousins, and one of her aunts’ name is Aunt Pat. The four aunts have this fascination with the Kennedys, and they use their binoculars to sort of spy on the Kennedys, but she and her two cousins, they play in the water. One day, when her aunts are spying on the Kennedys with their binoculars and making up stories about them and just gossiping in a way about the Kennedys, the girl and her two cousins, they get swept by the tide. Two of the Kennedy children, the sons, David and Michael, they rescue them with a powerboat and they bring back those three people back to shore. The four aunts are hysterical, and when they’re hysterical, they say the children’s full names and addresses. For example, the narrator, her address would be 180 Asylum Road, and basically then, the aunts, normally their reaction would have been very angry and yelling at them, but they actually have this sort of wide grins and they actually sort of seemed to be kind of - because they’re so overwhelmed by the situation that they sort of seem to be faking in a way their anger. So, they’re like wearing these huge smiles and, basically, could sort of suppressing their natural angry reaction, but their eyes are telling a different story. Their eyes are saying that they’re mad at the children, at the narrator and her two cousins, and they’re more so mad not about the fact that they got swept by the tide, but because the Kennedys had to rescue them, David and Michael had to rescue them. They’re, in a way, inconveniencing them and they’re just adding another tragedy to their list, as a narrator said. So, they thank the Kennedys and everything, and then they are restricted to only sitting on the sand on the beach. They spend their summers on the beach, but one day, there’s a lot of arguing and fighting, and it’s very, very hot. The aunts get sick of it and they’re like, “Okay, you know what, you can go in the water, but you can only go to the point where the water is knee level.” Then, the three children, they go in the water and their Uncle Al joins. Uncle Al is the father of her two cousins, and they start playing chicken fight, the four of them. Then, the narrator kicks Uncle Al really hard on the side of the head and his eyeball falls into the water, and his eyeball is, of course, a fake eye, but the fake eye is very, very expensive; top dollar and has a special magnetic property that allows his two eyes to be in sync with one another. So, they’re completely freaking out, all of them, and her two cousins livid at her for kicking their father’s eye. The eye sinks and then the narrator finds the eye momentarily and then drops it again because of how freaked out she is. Then, they spend hours searching for the eyeball and the narrator secretly prays that she’s not the one to find it again, and then her cousin, the guy cousin, I forgot his name, but he finds the eyeball and gives it back to his dad. His dad just tests it and washes it off and put it back in his eye. I think that’s pretty much it. Thank you. I’m done.